Around 2.40 p.m. GMT (10.40 a.m. ET) on Wednesday, March 22, a car drove into dozens of people on crowded Westminster Bridge while a police officer was stabbed in the grounds of parliament around the same time. Given that the terrorist who perpetrated the Westminster attack actually ran through the open gates which lead into Old Palace Yard, killing a police officer in doing so, may result in new security precautions being implemented there. Scaparrotti spoke at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing a day after British-born, 52-year-old Khalid Masood is accused of driving a vehicle into crowds on Westminster Bridge, killing two people, and then stabbing a police officer to death on the grounds of Parliament. According to Daily Mail, three people and a terrorist are dead after an attacker brought carnage to central London today, mowing down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and hacking at police with knives in the grounds of the Houses of the Parliament. Police arrested seven people as part of an investigation into the lone-wolf attacker who killed three people and injured 40 before being shot dead by police near parliament in London, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism officer said on Thursday. The Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the terror attack that left four people dead, including the assailant and a police officer, outside of Londons Parliament building on Wednesday, according to the Amaq media agency. The attack unfolded on Wednesday afternoon when a man drove a car across Westminster Bridge mowing down pedestrians before storming a security checkpoint outside the UK Houses of Parliament and stabbed a police officer. Five people died and 50 were injured after an attacker named by the police as Khalid Masood  born Adrian Russell Ajao  drove a car across Westminster Bridge in London, mowing down pedestrians before crashing to the railings of the Houses of Parliament. Four people were killed and 40 more injured on Wednesday when lone-wolf attacker Khalid Masood drove his car through crowds on Westminster Bridge before crashing into the parliament building and fatally stabbing an unarmed officer.

Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five people were killed and 40 others injured when a terrorist suspect mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and stabbed a police officer outside parliament complex before being shot dead by Scotland Yard officers in an incident inspired by international terrorism. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident.

Among their number were scores of police officers, some of whom carried a single white rose in tribute to their murdered colleague PC Keith Palmer, and dozens of Muslim faith leaders, schoolchildren and young people who were united in their condemnation of the attack. Yet despite these public condemnations and efforts to raise funds to support the victims of terrorism, many Muslims in London have grown weary of constantly feeling like they need to apologize and denounce terrorist attacks. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Robinson then goes on to cite a report that claims over 50,000 British Muslims downloaded Al Qaedas terrorist publication called Inspire, which includes radicalizing messages and even detailed guides on how to carry out terror attacks on the West. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks "in place" -- i.e., against the Western societies where they live.

Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning. Those arrested include a 39-year-old woman held at an address in east London the night after the attack on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.

A police officer walks across Westminster Bridge the morning after an attack by a man driving a car and wielding a knife that left five people, including himself, dead and dozens injured, in London. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament.



Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament.
