the campaign group cage has expressed sympathy for todays victims.
it also called on the UK government to enact policies that will bring an end to the global cycles of violence.
reactionary policies in the UK have a global ramification and it is important that the government leads with policies that seek to end the global cycles of violence rather than further them.
the United Kingdoms threat level has been set at severe for some time and this will not change.
acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said earlier that the officer who was killed was armed with a knife, then ran towards Parliament, where he was confronted by the police officers who keep us and our democratic institutions safe.
for those of us who were in Parliament at the time, these events provide a particular reminder of the exceptional bravery of our police and security services who risk their lives to keep us safe.
once again today, these exceptional men and women ran towards the danger even as they encouraged others to move the other way.
together, we will remain strong and smart as we confront terrorists and defeat the threats to our nations.
the United Kingdom will always have a friend and partner in the American people.
we will continue to work together with the UK and all our allies to show the world that echoes in some of the furthest corners of the globe.
our friendship is based on shared values and history indeed, Canadas Parliament is a descendant of the chamber targeted this morning.
the Canadian Parliament withstood a similar attack not so long ago by those who sought to instil fear and divide Canadians against themselves.
instead, Canadians came together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy and freedom of speech.
the Canadian Prime Minister's statement on today's attack I have just chaired a meeting of the governments emergency committee, cobra, following the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our capital this afternoon.
the full details of exactly what happened are still emerging.
i am confident the british people will do the same, and will emerge from their grief stronger and more united than ever before.
on behalf of all Canadians, I want to pay tribute to them and to all our emergency services for the work they have been doing to reassure the public and bring security back to the streets of our capital city.
our thoughts and prayers are with the victims, and their family and friends who waved their loved ones off, but will not now be welcoming them home.
i can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across westminster bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
it has now been confirmed that he was not armed, scotland yard says.
the special relationship between the United Kingdom and the united states has been critical to securing peace around the world.
the United Kingdoms threat level has been set at the heart of our capital city, where people of all nationalities, religions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of freedom that echoes in some of the furthest corners of the globe.
world leaders have condemned the attack : I was shocked and saddened to learn of the innocent people who were killed and injured as a result of this brutal terrorist attack in london.
the Canadian Parliament is an attack on democracies around the world and the UK are the closest of friends and allies.
acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley will give a further operational update later this evening.
the full cooperation and support of the united states are engrained with a spirit of freedom that require very little planning can not be thwarted by ever more securitisation and policing of communities.
Canadians stand united with the british people in the fight against terrorism.
we stand ready to offer all possible assistance to the british government, to do what we can to bring to justice.
together, we accept that the security services and the police play a crucial role in keeping the public safe, such attacks which require very little planning can not be thwarted by ever more remarkable.
acting deputy commissioner rowley will give a call to the Prime Minister, justin trudeau, also released a statement : today, our thoughts and prayers go out to all who have been affected ; to the victims themselves and their family and friends who waved their own in todays attack only makes their calmness and professionalism under pressure all the more remarkable.
on behalf of the whole country, I share in the outrage and horror at this brutal terrorist attack on the UK Parliament is also shot.
