While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. (Stefan Rousseau/PA/Associated Press) Updated Khalid Masood, 52, has been identified as the man behind the attacks Wednesday in London that left three people dead and many others injured outside Britain's Parliament. And I confirmed earlier, the suspected attacker was shot dead by an armed officer -therefore meaning we now have five people in total who have died, said Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner. And I confirmed earlier, the suspected attacker was shot dead by an armed officer -therefore meaning we now have five people in total who have died, said Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism.

Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". This attack was an act of Islamist terrorism, ISIS recently claimed responsibility, praising the attacker - a British born jihadist named Khalid Masood- as a "soldier of the Islamic state". No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. Earlier today, Middle East terror group ISIS released a statement saying: 'The attacker yesterday in front of the British Parliament in London was a soldier of the Islamic State executing the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations.' "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement.

Three civilians, and the Islamic terrorist, Khalid Masood, have died and at least 40 have been injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.

Although there are higher numbers of armed police guarding Parliament, the attacker who rushed its gates in March was shot dead by a relatively rare member of the country's security forces  one who had been trained to use a firearm. Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. The Prime Minister said "military-grade" substance produced by Russia was used in the poisoning, leaving two possible explanations - Moscow was responsible or it has lost control of its stockpile of the chemical weapon. Police quickly labelled it a terrorist attack and said a man drove a large sport utility vehicle into a crowd of people along Westminster Bridge before crashing into a fence along the side of the Parliament buildings. Labour MP Mary Creagh said she and other colleagues were on their way to vote, making their way from Portcullis House, where many MPs have their offices, through the underground walkway beneath Westminster Bridge that opens directly into New Palace Yard. Labour MP Mary Creagh said she and other colleagues were on their way to vote, making their way from Portcullis House, where many MPs have their offices, through the underground walkway beneath Westminster Bridge that opens directly into New Palace Yard. A man is held by police after a car crashed into pedestrians outside Parliament (Sky News) MPs are away for the summer recess but any parliamentary staff were told to work from home unless they had already arrived at Westminster. Daily Mail journalist Quentin Letts said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons. Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago. London (CNN)Four people were killed and scores injured when an attacker plowed a car through crowds in central London before attempting to storm the Houses of Parliament in what police believe was an act of Islamist-inspired terrorism. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. Share this Doctors, police officers and faith leaders were among thousands of people who linked hands on Westminster Bridge in a show of defiance, a week after the terror attack in the capital. "Sadly, in March last year we saw one of my policing colleagues PC Keith Palmer lose his life during a terrorist attack in London whilst protecting our freedoms and safeguarding our democracy," he said. "Sadly, in March last year we saw one of my policing colleagues PC Keith Palmer lose his life during a terrorist attack in London whilst protecting our freedoms and safeguarding our democracy," he said. Armed police patrol the Southbank in London the day after the Westminster attack.Jonathan Brady/PA Wire Such an approach, where one area of a city receives extra security protection, has been a long-held aspiration of counter-terrorism professionals. MPs and peers, aides, staff and journalists returned to work a day after a police officer was killed and his assailant shot dead on the cobbled yard of the Palace of Westminster in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group.

British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people.

