Metropolitan Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said the attack had been declared a terrorist incident, and Theresa May was due to chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later today. We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned, Neil Basu, Deputy Assistant Commissioner and Senior National Coordinator for UK Counter Terrorism Policing, said in a statement issued late Saturday. Eight people have been arrested and six addresses raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere in connection with the Westminster terror attack, Mark Rowley, the Metropolitan Polices senior anti-terror officer, said. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country.

Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. The Prime Minister said "military-grade" substance produced by Russia was used in the poisoning, leaving two possible explanations - Moscow was responsible or it has lost control of its stockpile of the chemical weapon. Amaq, the news agency it uses to broadcast propaganda, issued a statement describing the attacker as a soldier of Islamic State, without naming him.Police revealed that Masood, born in Kent on Christmas Day 1964, had a string of criminal convictions. The killings have left the country shaken and it comes after similar terrorist incidents in France and Germany last year, where attackers used heavy vehicles to run over people along the promenade in Nice and at the Berlin Christmas market. Defiant British MPs meanwhile vowed to return to work as normal after the attack on the iconic parliament building in the shadow of Big Ben. GETTY Memebrs of the public have called the officer to be given a posthumous medal of bravery There are people from all over the world here today paying tribute. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. The interview came after Reuters reported that the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS/Islamic State) terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the deadly Westminster attack in the British capital earlier this week. In other similar 'terror car' attacks that involved only one person, like in Nice and Berlin last year, there were no eyewitnesses who said that there were two people in the trucks used. Amaq News Agency, which is linked to Islamic State, said the attacker answered the group's calls to target citizens of states that are fighting against it, though the claim was questioned by the UK police and government. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time.

A police officer walks across Westminster Bridge the morning after an attack by a man driving a car and wielding a knife that left five people, including himself, dead and dozens injured, in London. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament.

LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.



