Metropolitan Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said the attack had been declared a terrorist incident, and Theresa May was due to chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later today. Metropolitan Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said the attack had been declared a terrorist incident, and Theresa May was due to chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later today. Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. London terror attack raises parliamentary security questions 'He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift' Pc Keith Palmer had worked for the Metropolitan Police for 15 years, having previously served in the armed forces. London terror attack raises parliamentary security questions 'He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift' Pc Keith Palmer had worked for the Metropolitan Police for 15 years, having previously served in the armed forces. Police confirmed that four people died including PC Keith Palmer and the attacker (Picture: Reuters) Acting deputy Met Police Mark Rowley said: "It is our believe that the attacker acted alone during the Westminster attack yesterday and was inspired by international terrorism. Mark Rowley, the national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the acting deputy commissioner, said that a car drove over the Westminster Bridge, running down several people, before crashing near the House of Parliament. Mark Rowley, the national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the acting deputy commissioner, said that a car drove over the Westminster Bridge, running down several people, before crashing near the House of Parliament.

While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. Investigators said Masood, 52, was shot dead by responding police at the gates of British Parliament on Wednesday after he struck several people with his vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge in an attack claimed by the Islamic State militant group. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism.

Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.

The killings have left the country shaken and it comes after similar terrorist incidents in France and Germany last year, where attackers used heavy vehicles to run over people along the promenade in Nice and at the Berlin Christmas market. Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. In other similar 'terror car' attacks that involved only one person, like in Nice and Berlin last year, there were no eyewitnesses who said that there were two people in the trucks used. Amaq News Agency, which is linked to Islamic State, said the attacker answered the group's calls to target citizens of states that are fighting against it, though the claim was questioned by the UK police and government. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. A Muslim-led initiative to raise money for the families of the victims of Wednesday's Islamic State (IS)-claimed attack in London has raised over 22,000 ($17,000) 24 hours since going live. Share this Doctors, police officers and faith leaders were among thousands of people who linked hands on Westminster Bridge in a show of defiance, a week after the terror attack in the capital. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Violence struck in Britain Wednesday in the form of a terror attack outside the British Parliament, leaving five people dead, including a police man, and many others injured.

British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people.

