Khalid Ali was carrying three knives when he was tackled by armed officers near Downing Street in April 2017 His arrest came four weeks after terrorist Khalid Masood's attack near the Houses of Parliament, in which five people died in March 2017. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. Three civilians, and the Islamic terrorist, Khalid Masood, have died and at least 40 have been injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. A former chief prosecutor says far-right radicalism in the UK has been overlooked Article share tools Sturgeon: Muslim communities 'anxious' Speaking after she chaired a meeting in Scotland, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said police will "remain vigilant" in light of the attack. The interview came after Reuters reported that the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS/Islamic State) terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the deadly Westminster attack in the British capital earlier this week. After Trumps tweet, a spokesperson for Khan said: The mayor is busy working with the police, emergency services and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city. Travis Frain, 19, received abusive messages via social media from Islamist and far-right wing extremists who suggested he was making up his unwanted role in the attack by a British-born terrorist who killed five and injured 50 in London in March last year. Given that the terrorist who perpetrated the Westminster attack actually ran through the open gates which lead into Old Palace Yard, killing a police officer in doing so, may result in new security precautions being implemented there. Armed police patrol the Southbank in London the day after the Westminster attack.Jonathan Brady/PA Wire Such an approach, where one area of a city receives extra security protection, has been a long-held aspiration of counter-terrorism professionals. British official calls for WhatsApp access after Westminster attack Metropolitan Police remain vigilant and roads remain closed and cordoned off around Westminster after yesterday's terrorist attack on Westminster bridge and the Houses of Parliament where four victims died and 40 people were injured in London on Wednesday. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Prime Minister Theresa May said that it would be "wrong" to describe the jihadist attack on Westminster Bridge and Parliament as "Islamic terrorism." Prime Minister Theresa May, after the London Bridge attack, said there was "far too much tolerance of extremism" in Britain and promised to step up the fight against Islamic terrorism. Five people died and 50 were injured after an attacker named by the police as Khalid Masood  born Adrian Russell Ajao  drove a car across Westminster Bridge in London, mowing down pedestrians before crashing to the railings of the Houses of Parliament. Four people were killed and 40 more injured on Wednesday when lone-wolf attacker Khalid Masood drove his car through crowds on Westminster Bridge before crashing into the parliament building and fatally stabbing an unarmed officer. The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony. The review also revealed that London Bridge attacker Khuram Butt was being actively investigated by security services at the time of his attack and Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood scoped out the bridge days before he drove a car along its pavement, killing tourists. Attacks at Westminster, Manchester, London Bridge, and Finsbury Park killed and injured dozens of people between March and June this year. The tragedy this week at Westminster in London, which led to scores of people being mowed by an Islamic terrorist named Khalid Masood, is an example of incidents that the police should be trying to prevent more.

A police officer walks across Westminster Bridge the morning after an attack by a man driving a car and wielding a knife that left five people, including himself, dead and dozens injured, in London. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." The attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, drove his car into crowds of people on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday afternoon, killing three and wounding some 50, before stabbing a police officer to death at the Houses of Parliament. A man has been arrested in Birmingham by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, in which four people were killed.

Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. Five people were killed and 40 others injured when a terrorist suspect mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and stabbed a police officer outside parliament complex before being shot dead by Scotland Yard officers in an incident inspired by international terrorism. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident.

And I confirmed earlier, the suspected attacker was shot dead by an armed officer -therefore meaning we now have five people in total who have died, said Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner. I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking over Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more including three police officers. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. The attack unfolded on Wednesday afternoon when a man drove a car across Westminster Bridge mowing down pedestrians before storming a security checkpoint outside the UK Houses of Parliament and stabbed a police officer.

Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. The terror attack on Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament left at least five people dead, including PC Keith Palmer, and a further 50 injured He said: 'Melissa also received serious injuries in the attack, and is being cared for in the hospital.



The man  named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin  was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people.

