

Defiant British MPs meanwhile vowed to return to work as normal after the attack on the iconic parliament building in the shadow of Big Ben. GETTY Memebrs of the public have called the officer to be given a posthumous medal of bravery There are people from all over the world here today paying tribute. Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. A former chief prosecutor says far-right radicalism in the UK has been overlooked Article share tools Sturgeon: Muslim communities 'anxious' Speaking after she chaired a meeting in Scotland, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said police will "remain vigilant" in light of the attack. The interview came after Reuters reported that the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS/Islamic State) terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the deadly Westminster attack in the British capital earlier this week. After Trumps tweet, a spokesperson for Khan said: The mayor is busy working with the police, emergency services and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city. When the attack happened at around 2.40pm Mrs May had just voted and was standing in members' lobby with other Tory MPs. They gave rousing applause to police and security services, two just told me The people being held in Westminster Hall, including former Lib Dem leader Paddy Ashdown and former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith, were evacuated from the Houses of Parliament. Amaq News Agency, which is linked to Islamic State, said the attacker answered the group's calls to target citizens of states that are fighting against it, though the claim was questioned by the UK police and government. Travis Frain, 19, received abusive messages via social media from Islamist and far-right wing extremists who suggested he was making up his unwanted role in the attack by a British-born terrorist who killed five and injured 50 in London in March last year. Earlier today, Middle East terror group ISIS released a statement saying: 'The attacker yesterday in front of the British Parliament in London was a soldier of the Islamic State executing the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations.' "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement.

While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.

A police officer walks across Westminster Bridge the morning after an attack by a man driving a car and wielding a knife that left five people, including himself, dead and dozens injured, in London. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer.

LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people.

