Three civilians, and the Islamic terrorist, Khalid Masood, have died and at least 40 have been injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Photo: Stefan Rousseau/PA/AP LONDON, UK - At least three people, including a police officer, have been murdered and others 'catastrophically' injured in a combined car and knife attack on pedestrians in Westminster and at parliament itself. Given that the terrorist who perpetrated the Westminster attack actually ran through the open gates which lead into Old Palace Yard, killing a police officer in doing so, may result in new security precautions being implemented there. Photo by Hugo Philpott/UPI | License Photo March 27 (UPI) -- British Home Secretary Amber Rudd said there should be "no place for terrorists to hide" as she suggested intelligence services have access to encrypted messaging services such as WhatsApp. Rudd's call for access to encrypted services follows last week's attack in Westminster by Khalid Masood, who died after killed four people near the Houses of Parliament. By the time of Wednesday's attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become "no-go zones" for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. By the time of Wednesday's attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become "no-go zones" for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. Five people died and 50 were injured after an attacker named by the police as Khalid Masood  born Adrian Russell Ajao  drove a car across Westminster Bridge in London, mowing down pedestrians before crashing to the railings of the Houses of Parliament. The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition, the groups Amaq news agency said in a statement. The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition, the groups Amaq news agency said in a statement. Four people were killed and 40 more injured on Wednesday when lone-wolf attacker Khalid Masood drove his car through crowds on Westminster Bridge before crashing into the parliament building and fatally stabbing an unarmed officer. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident. At 14:40, an attacker drove a car across Westminster Bridge killing four innocent people, including one police officer named as 48-year old Keith Palmer who had been in the force for 15 years, and injuring at least forty in this heinous attempt on human life.

Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament.

Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Armed police at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.



What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people.

