Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament. An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament. The attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, drove his car into crowds of people on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday afternoon, killing three and wounding some 50, before stabbing a police officer to death at the Houses of Parliament. The attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, drove his car into crowds of people on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday afternoon, killing three and wounding some 50, before stabbing a police officer to death at the Houses of Parliament. The attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, drove his car into crowds of people on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday afternoon, killing three and wounding some 50, before stabbing a police officer to death at the Houses of Parliament. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident.

Media captionLondon attack: Eyewitness describes terror scene aftermath The attack unfolded at about 14.40 GMT when a single attacker drove a car along a pavement over Westminster Bridge, near the Houses of Parliament in central London, killing at least two people and injuring many more. Media captionLondon attack: Eyewitness describes terror scene aftermath The attack unfolded at about 14.40 GMT when a single attacker drove a car along a pavement over Westminster Bridge, near the Houses of Parliament in central London, killing at least two people and injuring many more. Media captionLondon attack: Eyewitness describes terror scene aftermath The attack unfolded at about 14.40 GMT when a single attacker drove a car along a pavement over Westminster Bridge, near the Houses of Parliament in central London, killing at least two people and injuring many more. Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". London Terror Attack On Westminster Bridge Five people have died and dozens were injured in a terrorist attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London including a police officer and the attacker. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident. Around 20 people were injured and four reported dead in London on Wednesday after a car crashed into pedestrians near the British parliament and an assailant stabbed a policeman in what police called a terrorist incident.

The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster. The Metropolitan Police said today: Given that it appears to have been a deliberate act, the method used and the iconic location, it is being treated as a terrorist incident and the investigation is being led by officers from the Mets Counter Terrorism Command. In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds. Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy also condemned the deadly attack in London's Westminster on Wednesday and offered condolences to the British people in a telegram sent to his British counterpart Theresa May. US Ready to Assist UK Authorities Following London Attack "We are closely following the concerning situation outside the UK Parliament," State Department acting spokesperson Mark Toner said. LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. Jeffrey Avalon Friedberg: I didnt read it, or hear Originally posted on Trump:The American Years: Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) sat down with Breitbart News this week to talk about censorship of conservatives on social media.Rep. They were among a group of 36 pupils from years 11 and 12 at the Lyce Saint-Joseph school in Brittany who were walking along the pavement from the parliament buildings to Westminster Bridge when they were struck by a car driven by the attacker. Khalid Ali was carrying three knives when he was tackled by armed officers near Downing Street in April 2017 His arrest came four weeks after terrorist Khalid Masood's attack near the Houses of Parliament, in which five people died in March 2017. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson speaks at the United Nations on Thursday to address a terrorist attack in London that killed three victims and injured 29 others outside Westminster Palace. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson speaks at the United Nations on Thursday to address a terrorist attack in London that killed three victims and injured 29 others outside Westminster Palace. Daily Mail journalist Quentin Letts said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons. One class from the school had visited Westminster today and a parent said pupils had to be evacuated from the London Eye. CBS This Morning LONDON -- London's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday that a man was under arrest on suspicion of terrorism after driving through a group of pedestrians and then ramming a gate outside the Houses of Parliament in the British capital. After Trumps tweet, a spokesperson for Khan said: The mayor is busy working with the police, emergency services and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city. After Trumps tweet, a spokesperson for Khan said: The mayor is busy working with the police, emergency services and the government to coordinate the response to this horrific and cowardly terrorist attack and provide leadership and reassurance to Londoners and visitors to our city. London (CNN)Four people were killed and scores injured when an attacker plowed a car through crowds in central London before attempting to storm the Houses of Parliament in what police believe was an act of Islamist-inspired terrorism. Police are on high alert after the terror attack in London on Wednesday which claimed the lives of three victims Lucas Camoes, a 23-year-old warehouse worker, said: 'It's a very calm area. Violence struck in Britain Wednesday in the form of a terror attack outside the British Parliament, leaving five people dead, including a police man, and many others injured. An attacker spread chaos in the heart of London for several hours on Wednesday as he went about first plowing a car into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge and later stabbing a police officer to death inside the gates of the British Parliament. MPs and peers, aides, staff and journalists returned to work a day after a police officer was killed and his assailant shot dead on the cobbled yard of the Palace of Westminster in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group. MPs and peers, aides, staff and journalists returned to work a day after a police officer was killed and his assailant shot dead on the cobbled yard of the Palace of Westminster in an attack claimed by the Islamic State group. Police close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. Police close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.

LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.

By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement.

