BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Footage showed police finding three knives in Khalid Ali’s jacket and trousers after arresting him in Whitehall on 27 April 2017 (Metropolitan Police) “I’m sure your plan was to attack and kill someone in central London.
Lucy disappeared from her Southampton home last Wednesday and her body was later found in woodland near Southampton Sports Centre at 7.45am on Thursday PA 1/50 Car manufacturer BMW announced on September 18, 2018, that its Mini factory in the UK would close for its annual summer maintenance several weeks earlier than planned, starting on April 1, 2019, to avoid any disruption in case of a no-deal Brexit.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
He completed the race in under an hour Getty/Nike 11/50 8 September 2018 Britain's former foreign secretary Boris Johnson sits in the stands during play on the second day of the fifth Test cricket match between England and India at The Oval in London AFP/Getty 12/50 7 September 2018 The poppy sculpture Wave by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper at IWM North, The Quays, Manchester.
He completed the race in under an hour Getty/Nike 11/50 8 September 2018 Britain's former foreign secretary Boris Johnson sits in the stands during play on the second day of the fifth Test cricket match between England and India at The Oval in London AFP/Getty 12/50 7 September 2018 The poppy sculpture Wave by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper at IWM North, The Quays, Manchester.
The CPS has issued European Arrest Warrants for the extradition in connection with the Novichok poisoning attack on Sergei Skripal Metropolitan Police 15/50 4 September 2018 Pro Labour party leader, Jeremy Corbyn, protesters demonstrate outside the Labour party headquarters in London.
The CPS has issued European Arrest Warrants for the extradition in connection with the Novichok poisoning attack on Sergei Skripal Metropolitan Police 15/50 4 September 2018 Pro Labour party leader, Jeremy Corbyn, protesters demonstrate outside the Labour party headquarters in London.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.The Metropolitan police have been and continue to work tirelessly in providing their care and support during this very difficult time.” Police officers are among those expected to join together on Wednesday on Westminster Bridge to mark a week since the attack.
The Metropolitan Police Federation said the intention was to link hands across Westminster Bridge from the south to the north at the moment the attack began.
An inquest into the deaths of PC Keith Palmer, Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes opened at Westminster coroner’s court on Wednesday.A police officer is given a floral tribute by a member of the public to lay as a tribute to PC Keith Palmer Colleague PC James Aitkenhead said: “Keith was a genuinely nice person — nobody had a bad word to say about him.
Top Met cop Mark Rowley said: "We are forensically examining a complicated crime scene that covers a wide area, and as with all investigations of this nature it will take us some time to work through the painstaking work necessary to get all of the relevant evidence." The scene inside Parliament Yard where the police officer was knifed to death The lockdown on Parliament, which saw hundreds of MPs and parliamentary staff kept inside Commons buildings for their safety, has now been lifted.Isis says London terror attacker was 'soldier of the Islamic State' Group claims responsibility for attack through al-Amaq news agency.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.We know there are a number of casualties, including police officers, but at this stage we cannot confirm numbers or the nature of these injuries ...
• “We know there are a number of casualties including police officers but at this stage we can not confirm numbers or the nature of these injuries,” he said.
• An investigation was launched immediately after the force received a number of different reports, which included a person in the river, a car in collision with pedestrians and a man armed with a knife.“Let this be the message for us today; our values will prevail.” The prime minister added that the attacks were an attack on “free speech, liberty, human rights and the rule of law” and “free people” in London and beyond.
But today we meet as normal, as generations have done before us and as future generations will continue to do, to deliver a simple message: we are not afraid and our resolve will never waver in the face of terrorism.Muslim women form human chain after Westminster terror attack LONDON: A group of Muslim women formed a human chain along the iconic Westminster Bridge here in a show of solidarity with the victims of deadly terror attack outside the British Parliament that killed four people.The attack on London this week made me flinch back to these thoughts: Early on 9/11, I was in Boston and happened to be watching flights take off and wishing I was on a plane.
It is in these actions, millions of acts of normality, that we find the best response to terrorism." In the days after 9/11, I resolved that the greatest act of defiance was to continue faithful small acts that pertained to my life.
Then this week, as I listened to the UK newspaper headlines on Sky's daily press wrapup on the day of the London attack, I decided to sew a long-put-off, simple repair.
And for the answer, called for in Parliament, spoken of in Trafalgar Square, in the spirit of staunch defiance, that small acts of ordinariness and normality matter.Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
Mr Rowley declined to name the attacker, but said police suspect he was "inspired by international terrorism" - and that they believed they knew who he was.
Witnesses described scenes of terror when gunfire rang out as the attacker approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
A brave man." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circled Credit: Stefan Rousseau/PA The killer managed to get in through a vehicle gate in New Palace Yard – used by the Prime Minister and other members of the Government – because it was not locked.
Speaking outside 10 Downing Street after chairing a meeting of the Government's Cobra emergencies committee, Mrs May paid tribute to the "exceptional men and women" of the police force who responded to the attack.
And she vowed: "We will all move forward together, never giving in to terror and never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart." Footage later emerged of the moment police opened fire after the attacker drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster.
London Ambulance Service said paramedics had treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge.
Witnesses said the attacker was shot by police as he approached a second officer clutching his knife during the incident at about 2.45pm.
Indeed, it is down to the constant vigilance of our security services that Britain has not suffered another attack on the scale of the July 7 bombings in London in 2005, in which 52 people died and more than 700 were injured.
The President, who had earlier tweeted a statement from the official presidential account, said: "Spoke to UK Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London.
The Prime Minister is expected to make a statement in the Commons on the horror that unfolded on both sides of the boundary of the Palace of Westminster when a terrorist ploughed into pedestrians before rushing the gates to the estate and killing a police officer.
12:00AM Reports that car used in attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham 11:51PM Eiffel Tower lights turned off 11:47PM London terror attack raises parliamentary security questions Telegraph political correspondent Ben Riley-Smith says that the attack will raise the questions about the publics access to MPs 11:40PM 'He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift' Pc Keith Palmer had worked for the Metropolitan Police for 15 years, having previously served in the armed forces.
"He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift - and he had every right to expect that would happen," Scotland Yard's most senior anti-terror officer Mark Rowley said.
"He (the attacker) tried to enter Parliament and was stopped at the gate." The last death of a Met Police officer on duty was in September 2013 when 47-year-old Pc Andrew Duncan was killed as he attempted to stop a speeding vehicle in Sutton, south London.
Theresa May: Attempts to defeat our values are "doomed to failure" Speaking after the emergency Cobra meeting, Mrs May praised the "exceptional bravery" of police during the attack who ran towards danger while protecting others.
The London Mayor said his thoughts were with the family of the Metropolitan Police officer who died "doing his duty protecting our city".
"Londoners will never be cowed by terrorism." 8:40PM Nurse describes how hospital went into 'major incident' mode A nurse who works in a high dependency unit at St Thomas's Hospital, where two people were taken following the attack, told our reporter Eleanor Steafel how within half an hour, the hospital was told they were "on a major incident".
The nurse, who asked to remain anonymous, said: "The ward that I work on has a view of Westminster Bridge so we could see that there was something happening, we could see blue lights and lots of police officers running.
"People are working quickly but aren't panicked." 8:32PM Video: Theresa May whisked away from Downing Street by a back door The Prime Minister had been chairing a Brexit subcommittee in the House of Commons with other Cabinet ministers and officials including Cabinet secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood at the time of the attack.
When the attack happened at around 2.40pm Mrs May had just voted and was standing in members' lobby with other Tory MPs. She later chaired a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee to discuss the immediate response to the incident at the Palace of Westminster.
"The thoughts of the Prime Minister and the Government are with those killed and injured in this appalling incident, and with their families," said the spokesman.
The MP said: "We thought they were the terrorists." Around 1,000 people had been taken to Westminster Abbey for safety and are now being processed by police.
"Mrs May gave him the latest information on the situation and confirmed the death toll: three people were killed by the assailant and around 20 injured, including three French lycee pupils from Concarneau." Donald Trump offered the "full co-operation and support" of the United States in responding to the Westminster terror attack and "bringing those responsible to justice" in a phone call with Mrs May. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said: "Our thoughts are with the victims of today's attack in London and their families.
Canadians remain united with the people of the UK." Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo said: "Shocked at attack on London.
London's Parliament is the mother of democracy!" 7:11PM Car was travelling 'really fast' as it ploughed into crowds Eyewitness Baylor Cook, 20, a student from Alabama, was on Westminster Bridge with his parents and 15-year-old sister when a "black SUV" mounted the pavement and hit "four or five" people in front of him.
"Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today." 7:04PM Home Secretary urges public to be calm and vigilant Home Secretary Amber Rudd said that the Government's top priority following the Westminster attack was "the security of its people".
"We have the best police and security services in the world and we will let them get on with their job." The Home Secretary described the incident as "on-going" as she said the Prime Minister would hold a meeting of the emergency Cobra committee to consider the situation.
6:27PM Houses of Commons and Lords to sit again tomorrow 6:22PM Witness: I didn't realise somebody was intentionally driving a car at me 6:11PM Latest from Scotland Yard Mark Rowley, the Met's most senior Counter Terror officer confirmed that four people were dead including the police officer who was stabbed and the attacker who was shot dead, reports Martin Evans.
5:44PM Police officer among two killed in London terror attack A police officer stabbed at the Houses of Parliament has died, sources have said.
It was really upsetting." Children inside Parliament 'singing songs to lift people's spirits' Video: Houses of Parliament being evacuated 5:04PM Attacker 'was running really fast and went straight past guards' Martin Evans reports: John Campbell, who witnessed events from a passing bus, said: "I was upstairs on the number 88 bus which was stuck in a traffic jam on parliament square when I saw a lot of people running up from Westminster Bridge.
"I then went straight to the deputy speaker to get them to suspend the sitting." Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster Credit: Stefan Rousseau/PA 4:33PM Three French students reportedly hit on Westminster Bridge A group of French students were on the bridge at the time of the incident, reports Harry Yorke.
There were maybe a dozen (injured)." Scene of response outside Parliament Credit: Rengisfausen/Twitter 4:24PM Pictures of armed police inside Houses of Parliament 4:23PM Tourists trapped on London Eye as attraction on lockdown The London Eye tourist attraction, just across the Thames from Parliament, said it was on lockdown following the attack.
She is currently monitoring the situation." The office of the Serjeant at Arms, who handles security in the House of Commons, said: "We are aware that there has been an incident that has taken place.
Seconds later, around a dozen people appeared to rush a gate to New Palace Yard, opposite Parliament Square.
Emergency services outside the Houses of Parliament The people who had come in through the gates quickly appeared to mix with others running away from the pedestrian entrance next to it, and moments later a man with a pistol - assumed to be a police officer - shot a man three times in the chest as he ran towards him, around 25 yards from the gate where the people had entered.
3:47PM Full Scotland Yard statement "Police are asking people to avoid the following areas: Parliament Square; Whitehall; Westminster Bridge; Lambeth Bridge; Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
He was running through those gates, towards Parliament, and the police were chasing him." 3:35PM Police treat attack as 'terrorist incident' Scotland Yard said the attack in Westminster was being treated "as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise".
A police officer stops traffic as the Jaguar car of Theresa May is driven away from the Houses of Parliament Credit: DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP 3:28PM 'We literally just heard shots and then saw people running' A woman at the scene was on the opposite side of the square when she heard shots ring out at about 2.45pm.
Then the police moved us back." 3:27PM Picture of smoking car outside Palace of Westminster 3:20PM Commons leader's statement to MPs Commons Leader David Lidington told MPs: "What I am able to say to the House is there has been a serious incident within the estate.
"There are also reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity of the Palace of Westminster but I hope colleagues on all sides will appreciate that it'd be wrong of me to go into further details until we have confirmation from the police and from the House security authorities about what is going on." 3:19PM Downing Street not involved in attack, source confirms A Downing Street source declined to say where Theresa May had been during the attack, but said she had not been involved.
"It looked like they were running for their lives." 3:08PM Scene on Westminster Bridge 3:05PM Commons leader tells MP police officer has been stabbed Commons Leader David Lidington has told MPs a "police officer has been stabbed" and the "alleged assailant was shot by armed police" following a "serious" incident within the parliamentary estate.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Clint Payne, Mr Cochran's brother-in-law, said: "This has been a humbling and difficult experience but we have felt the love of so many people during these past several days.Four people have died, including a police officer, and at least 20 people have been injured in a major terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament, the Metropolitan police have confirmed.
Mark Rowley, the head of counter-terrorism at the Met, said a police officer had died after being stabbed by a lone attacker attempting to enter the House of Commons.
Rowley said at least 20 people, including three officers, were hurt in the attack on the bridge.
“The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
Play Video 0:17 Footage of car after crash into railings outside Parliament - video Immediately before the incident, at about 2.45pm, people were seen running from the direction of Westminster Bridge and around the corner into Parliament Square.
“Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.” The incident took place a year to the day after the terror attack on Brussels, which killed 32 people and left 320 injured.The attacker, Masood, was born as Adrian R Elms to 17-year-old Janet, and at some point took the last name of his step-father – Phillip.
It is now known he took on at least three names before carrying out the atrocity in the heart of London – which killed a police officer and ISIS have since claimed The 52-year-old was gunned down by a security guard moments after mowing down crowds on Westminster bridge.Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22.
Reviewing security measures Alongside the deaths and injuries caused by the attacker, this incident meant the prime minister had to be evacuated from the area, parliament was put on lockdown and parliamentary business was adjourned in both London and Edinburgh.UK News Thousands link hands on Westminster Bridge in a show of defiance a week after terror attack Muslim schoolgirls, police officers, faith leaders and tourists were among thousands of people who joined hands on Westminster Bridge in a show of defiance a week after a terror attack that killed four people.___ 10:15 p.m. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says the police presence at the Australian Parliament House has been increased in response to the London attacks.
Three French teenagers on a school trip were among those injured in Wednesday's attack targeting pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge and a police officer on the nearby Parliament grounds.
French President Francois Hollande announced the move in a statement Wednesday night after speaking with British Prime Minister Theresa May. May confirmed to Hollande that three French high school students from France's western Britanny region were wounded in the attacks, the statement said.
___ 7:20 p.m. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy condemned the deadly attack in London's Westminster on Wednesday and offered condolences to the British people in a telegram sent to his British counterpart Theresa May.
Spokesman Sean Spicer said Wednesday Trump spoke with British Prime Minister Theresa May and said that the White House applauds "the quick response of British police and first responders" and condemns the attacks.
A vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament.
The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament.
"France, which has been struck so hard lately, knows what the British people are suffering today." Hollande added that countries "must bring all the conditions to answer these attacks" and that "it is clear that it is at the European level, and even beyond that, that we must organize ourselves." French Interior Minister Matthias Fekl said "it is a high place of democracy that has been attacked" and that France is "obviously ready to help." Merkel said in a statement Wednesday that she learned "with sorrow" of Wednesday's incident and her thoughts were "with our British friends and all of the people of London," in particular those who were injured.
The authority says it has closed the river between Vauxhall Bridge and Embankment while a major security operation is under way after a suspected terror attack at the Houses of Parliament in London.
___ 4:50 p.m. A senior police commander says the attack at London's Parliament has been declared a terrorist incident and "a full counterterrorism investigation is underway." Commander B.J. Harrington says "a number" of people have been injured, including police officers.
___ 3:50 p.m. The White House says U.S. President Donald Trump has been briefed on a gun and knife incident at Britain's Parliament in London.
London Police also said officers were called to an incident on nearby Westminster Bridge ___ 3:40 p.m. British lawmaker Grant Shapps said on Twitter that he was walking through the cloisters of the House of Commons to vote when he heard four gunshots.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.But the man who killed four people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
Theresa May rushed into a car as London terror attack unfolds 00:31 It comes as police said a fourth innocent victim died on Thursday night.
"Next of kin have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained family liaison officers." Khalid Masood being treated by medics after he was shot outside the Palace of WestminsterCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA But by the time Masood went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." It comes as Scotland Yard disclosed that the eight people - three women and five men - arrested in London and Birmingham are being held on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
He seemed like a normal calm and kind family man, always with a smile on his face." Police raid Birmingham property in connection with London attack 01:09 The attacker mowed down pedestrians with a car on Westminster Bridge before crashing at the railings in front of Parliament.
But by the time Masood, 52, went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
"It reminded us of how we are all connected." In an impassioned address, Ms Rudd said: "The terrorists will not defeat us, we will defeat them." Vigil Takes Place in Trafalgar Square for attack victims 04:16 Sadiq Khan spoke of how Londoners had come together in the aftermath of the attack.
Pc Keith Palmer lost his lifeCredit: LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE In a moving service in the Chapel of Saint Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, the chaplain warned against the danger of thinking "an eye for an eye" and urged people to share memories of the "heroic contributions on that day when evil dared to show its face".
Ms Villiers said: "As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?" "The terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday was horrific and our thoughts are with all of those affected by it.
We are giving this investigation the highest priority and we will conclude it as soon as possible." Pupil of terror victim: I'm here to show that we're not going to let these people win A pupil of Westminster victim Aysha Frade, a Spanish teacher, who lost her life in the attack, has come to pay her respects in Trafalgar Square.
"To show solidarity with those who have lost their lives and their families, to show solidarity with those who have been injured, and to say to the terrorists: 'You will not succeed in cowering us, we will remain united, and we are the greatest city in the world'." Michael Deacon's Commons sketch: Tributes, tears – and then steely resolve: how Parliament got back to business They carried on.
he seemed like a normal calm and kind family man' Patrick Sawer reports from Birmingham: A mother of three was left stunned after recognising Khalid Masood, the terrorist pictured on a stretcher after Wednesday's attack, as the man who had lived next to her for several months.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
He said he was cooperating fully with the police to help them with their investigations into the attack on Parliament.
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
Jeremy Corbyn: 'We are united by our humanity and by our democratic values' Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn also paid tribute to Keith Palmer, the police officer who lost his life in the attack, and to the police and security services who "keep us safe every day" on the Parliamentary estate.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Four people have died - a police officer, the attacker, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s The officer was Pc Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old husband and father with 15 years of police service Seven people have been arrested and six addresses raided across London, Birmingham and elsewhere The woman was killed on Westminster Bridge as a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a grey Hyundai It is believed the man was also killed in the incident on the bridge Seven people are in a critical condition, and 29 have been treated in hospital One woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water The attacker, armed with two large knives, jumped out of the car after smashing it into the railings encircling the Palace of Westminster, fatally stabbing Pc Palmer as he entered the grounds.
He was shot dead moments later by another officer Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said the working assumption is that the attack is linked to Islamic terrorism Parliament and Whitehall to hold minute's silence MPs, peers and staff working in Parliament and Whitehall will observe a minute's silence at 9.33am to pay respects to the victims of the terror attack.
A large area around the Palace of Westminster, including Parliament Square and Westminster Bridge, remained cordoned off on Thursday morning, but staff were able to access the building and return to work.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
And she vowed: "We will all move forward together, never giving in to terror and never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart." Footage later emerged of the moment police opened fire after the attacker drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster.Speaking a short while ago, Met police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said PC Keith Palmer, who was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic protection command, had given 15 years’ service: He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift and he had every right to expect that would happen.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The Saudi Arabian Embassy in London said Masood “did not appear on the security services’ radar” during stays in 2005/6 and 2008/9.Let us remember the fallen, and rededicate ourselves to all we hold dear as a people." - Gov.-Gen. of Canada David Johnston From right: Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his wife, Laureen Harper, and Justin Trudeau, prime minister-designate of Canada, and his wife, Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau, attend a ceremonial service in Ottawa on Thursday, Oct. 22, 2015 to commemorate the attack on on Parliament Hill and the deaths of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent.
"Let us pause on this date to remember Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, who fell while standing guard at the National War Memorial, as well as those injured on Parliament Hill.
Let us also remember the deadly assault on Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent, who was targeted simply for wearing his uniform two days earlier in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que. Canadians continue to honour and remember these proud members of our Canadian Armed Forces.
"As we remember the victims and heroes on this sombre anniversary, let us be thankful for the freedom and peace we continue to enjoy in Canada." - Prime Minister Stephen Harper "One year ago, our nation was shaken by brutal and heartless acts of violence that occurred in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu and in Ottawa on Parliament Hill.
"Today our thoughts and prayers remain with the loved ones of Warrant Officer Patrice Vincent and Cpl. Nathan Cirillo who tragically lost their lives.
This act of hate, which intended to drive neighbours apart and isolate communities, achieved the opposite result, a stronger and more united Canada." - NDP Leader Tom Mulcair "Today, my thoughts and prayers are with Kathy Cirillo, Nathan's mom, and all the members of the House of Commons and Senate Security, RCMP and Ottawa police officers who performed so many selfless acts of unmeasurable courage standing and defending the values of all Canadians." - Kevin Vickers, former Sgt.-at-Arms for Parliament Hil "We've worked really hard to support the family and make sure that they're being taken care of.
We've actually been very lucky in a way, because as much as we claim to have tried to support the family, they've demonstrated such an amount of courage and dignity — that kind of supported us in turn." Floral tributes to Cpl. Nathan Cirillo sit at the National War Memorial in Ottawa, Ontario on Thursday, Oct. 23, 2014.
(Sean Kilpatrick/Canadian Press) "Today marks one year since the tragic death of Cpl. Nathan Cirillo and the heroic actions of several Parliament Hill security personnel and RCMP officers.Off-duty police officer killed in the atrocity The terror threat level has been raised to its highest possible rating, meaning another atrocity is expected imminently, as police warn they are investigating a "network" linked to the Manchester Arena bomber.
Manchester bombing - Armed police and soldiers have been deployed across Britain PA Soldiers patrol Downing Street as the UK is put on high alert Police have arrested four people in south Manchester, including a 23-year-old man, in connection with the bombing as in the terror investigation intensifies.
Making a bomb of this sort requires a certain level of expertise and competence.” Armed police and soldiers stormed a block of flats in Manchester city centre as the investigation into the terror attack continues.
Met Police said: “The military will be working under the Metropolitan Police Service command structure to provide static armed guarding at key locations.” Chelsea have cancelled their Premier League title victory parade on Sunday out of respect to the Manchester victims amid security concerns.
EPA Police have stepped up armed patrols in the wake of the Manchester bombing GETTY Operation Temperer is now in force GETTY Soldiers will guard Buckingham Palace Ms Rudd said the move was temporary but refused to be drawn on how long the heightened state of alert would remain in place.
Police have arrested a 23-year-old man in Chorlton, south Manchester in connection with the bombing with officers carrying out a controlled explosion at a nearby property as part of the terror probe which put parts of the city on lockdown and the Arndale Centre evacuated.
GREATER MANCHESTER POLICE Manchester Police have released a timeline of Monday night's attack The country's senior anti-terror police officer said there were "gaps in our knowledge" about Abedi which had led to the increased threat level."We will be thinking of all the families as we discuss the important issues we’re here to talk about." Kate was committed to carrying on her engagement to promote maternal mental health despite the heightened security around London in the wake of the attack.
I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others," the queen said in the statement issued today by Buckingham Palace.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Reporters have been floating around certain areas in the last few days, conducting vox pops with perplexed locals who have nothing sensational to say.
Reporters should have stuck with TheGuardian’s one-liner choice from the recently aired Extremely British Muslims: “The only extreme thing around here is the size of the rats, bro.” If we want to report on these areas fairly, let’s consider the impact of this Government’s austerity agenda, and the poor management and distribution of funding by the city’s current council.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now “We don’t want parliament to change - part of democracy means there has to be access to parliament and MPs. “What the implications are of this is something we’re going to have to work through.” Some politicians, including Berwick MP Anne-Marie Trevelyan, were evacuated to Westminster Abbey.
Police, emergency services and dean’s team wonderful.” As events became clear, it appeared the attacker drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge, mowing down pedestrians including schoolchildren.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now A spokesman for the Prime Minister said she later chaired a meeting of the Government’s emergency Cobra committee.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.The overall issue of security and why Police officers at the entry gates were not armed was questioned and was this another Police error?
In the last day, more footage has emerged and questions raised about a gate being left unguarded whilst officers ran to the aid of their dying colleague.
It was also felt by many working at the Palace of Westminster that it was not the image they wanted to portray and having a gun toting Police officer on the entry gate looked oppressive.
The Met seemed to go from heroes to villains in some peoples` eyes overnight and I imagine the possibility of further criticism of the Police and security services has not vanished as we learn more about the attacker and his life.
My real concern is the lack of balance in some reporting and the effect this continual `police bashing` has on the public and the very officers tasked to protect society.Wes Streeting MP (@wesstreeting) @DonaldJTrumpJr You use a terrorist attack on our city to attack London's Mayor for your own political gain.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.LONDON — The Metropolitan Police has released the first official image Khalid Masood, the man behind the brutal attack on Westminster, London, on Wednesday.
Sky News and MailOnline have also reported that Masood was active on the Facebook-owned internet messaging service WhatsApp just minutes before the attack on Westminster Bridge.
Sky News/Facebook PC Keith Palmer, a British police officer; Aysha Frade, a Spanish-born college worker; and Kurt Cochran, an American tourist, were killed in the attack.
You would have thought if you were hellbent on committing a terror attack you'd chuck it all on a credit card and forget the cost." "Staff liked him so much they even wrote 'nice man' on his computer booking." The Hyundai 4x4 car he used to mow down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge was rented from Enterprise in Birmingham, according to reports.As the afternoon passed, it became seen not as the widely despised bastion of the political class, but a real place inhabited by office workers, tourists, security guards and groups of visiting schoolchildren.
But if people saw him today, they’d have seen a human being.In a statement in the Commons Mrs May said the assailant acted alone, was a “peripheral figure” and was not currently “part of the intelligence picture”.
In the Commons, Mrs May said that as well as the British nationals hurt, there were three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, one German, one Pole, one Irish, one Chinese, one American, one Italian and two Greeks also injured.
It is in these actions millions of acts of normality that we find the best response to terrorism.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Photograph: Andy Rain/EPA Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after a policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images The suspected terrorist arrested in Westminster carrying knives is a one-time humanitarian activist who is now facing questions from police about whether he was about to stage a murderous attack in central London.
His arrest followed counter-terrorism investigators tracking him as he traveled through London and armed officers were laying in wait and swooped on him in an area full of high-profile buildings such as the House of Parliament and Downing Street.
Police also said that they had carried out two searches at addresses in London as part of their inquiries into Ali. His arrest at junction of Parliament Street and Parliament Square was just yards from where Khalid Masood first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and then used a knife to stab a police officer to death.The four others who died in the attack were Keith Palmer, 48, the unarmed police officer; Kurt Cochran, 54, an American tourist who was traveling with his wife to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary; Aysha Frade, 43, a teacher who was on her way to pick up her two young daughters; and Leslie Rhodes, 75, a retired window cleaner from south London.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.British police arrested eight people in armed raids Thursday linked to the deadly “Islamist-related” attacks the day on the symbol of the country’s democracy.
Watch: eyewitness account of London terror attack Defiant British MPs meanwhile vowed to return to work as normal after the lightning attack on the iconic parliament building in the shadow of Big Ben. Authorities worked around the clock to piece together what happened when carnage was sown in the heart of London as the attacker ran down several pedestrians on nearby Westminster Bridge then charged at a policeman at the parliament gates, stabbing him to death with a large knife.
Reporters inside parliament during Wednesday’s attack heard loud bangs and shortly afterwards saw the knifeman and the stabbed policeman lying on the ground in a courtyard within the gates of parliament.
Everyone was just running everywhere.” Former Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski, who witnessed the attack from a taxi as he crossed the bridge, said he saw five victims and made a video of the scene.
I just can’t believe what I just saw.” Journalist Quentin Letts of the Daily Mail newspaper told LBC radio that he had witnessed the stabbing of the policeman and the shooting of the assailant from his office in the parliament building.Police said another victim of the attack died Thursday "after his life-support was withdrawn." 75-year-old dies after removal from life-support the day after London attack Const.
The death toll from the attack rose to four on Thursday when police announced a 75-year-old man "died tonight after his life-support was withdrawn." Masood was born in Kent to the southeast of London and had been most recently living in central England, London police said.
"However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH [grievous bodily harm], possession of offensive weapons and public order offences." People lit candles Thursday night at a vigil in Trafalgar Square in London the day after the attack.
After speeches and a minute's silence Amber Rudd, the home secretary MP, mayor Sadiq Khan and acting police commissioner Craig Mackey lit the three oversize candles to applause from the crowd Earlier, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said the attacker had been investigated by British intelligence "some years ago." May said he had been investigated by MI-5, the U.K.'s intelligence service, "in relation to concerns of violent extremism," but that he was not part of what she called the current intelligence picture, saying he was a "peripheral figure." Theresa May makes statement in the House of Commons 10:47 Masood sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, then ran through the gates of the nearby Parliament building and fatally stabbed an unarmed policeman before being shot dead.:: Francisco Lopes Portuguese pedestrian Francisco Lopes, 26, has said he was "scared for my life" after being mown down on Westminster Bridge, leaving him with leg and hand injuries.
His mother told Brittany website Le Telegramme: "It was the school who told us Wednesday afternoon that the attack had taken place and our son was one of the victims." :: Other victims An Italian woman who was on holiday in the capital was hit by the terrorist's car, the country's embassy in London said.
A Polish man suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday, the country's embassy said.In it, Masood reportedly said he was waging jihad in revenge for Western military action in Muslim countries of the Middle East.[1] He had written a document named "Jihad in the Quran and Sunnah", with his photograph on the front page and multiple extracts from the Quran that could be seen as supportive of jihad and martyrdom.[57] He sent this document to numerous contacts a few minutes before the attack.[57] Some early reports gave descriptions of two supposed attackers, one described as a "bald white man" and another as a "black man with goatee beard".[17] On the morning after the attack, however, Mark Rowley, the Metropolitan Police's Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Operations, stated that the police believed the attacker acted alone.[70]Abu Izzadeen was also erroneously identified as the attacker on social media, Channel 4 News and The Independent shortly after the attack, although Izzadeen was actually in prison at the time.[82] In April 2017, OFCOM announced an investigation into the Channel 4 News naming of Izzadeen.[83] Police and media outside the Hagley Road premises that were raided on 22 March, seen on the morning following the raid At 23:00 on 22 March, West Midlands Police raided a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham.
to deliver a simple message: We are not afraid and our resolve will never waver in the face of terrorism."[93][74] In a later statement following the June 2017 London attack, May stated that all three recent attacks were "bound together by the single evil ideology of Islamic extremism".[94] The Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, the Leader of the Opposition, described the attack as "an appalling atrocity".[93][74] The speakers of both Houses of Parliament jointly offered sympathy to those affected, and thanked the emergency services.[95] The Scottish Parliament suspended the day's proceedings, including a debate on a second independence referendum.[96] Some MSPs who opposed the decision to suspend parliament said that doing so was "giving in to terrorism".[97] The Metropolitan Police honoured PC Palmer by retiring his shoulder number 4157U; Charlton Athletic F.C. announced that his season ticket seat at the Valley would not be occupied at the club's next home game, but would instead have a club scarf placed over it as a mark of respect.[102] A JustGiving fund was set up, with the target of raising £100,000 for his family, a goal attained in less than 24 hours.[66] A group called "Muslims United for London" also raised over £29,000 to support victims and victims' families, releasing a statement saying, "The British Muslim community stands with the community during these difficult times".[103][104][105] Home Secretary Amber Rudd announced that PC Palmer would be remembered at the National Memorial Arboretum's UK Police Memorial in Staffordshire.[106] On 26 March, in an event organised by Women's March on London, roughly 100 women, including many Muslims, joined hands to form a chain along Westminster Bridge and stood in silence for five minutes to pay tribute to the victims of the attack.[109][110][111] Amber Rudd appeared on BBC's The Andrew Marr Show to call for government backdoor access to encrypted messaging services like WhatsApp, which Masood used to send a message shortly before the attack.A police vehicle is parked outside a property in Birmingham that was raided following the Westminster attackEddie Keogh/Reuters Mark Rowley, the national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner, said: "Greater clarity is now developing regarding the casualty figures as we have now collated information from the public and five hospitals.Prince William, the Duchess of Cambridge (in Missoni) and Prince Harry arrive after laying a wreath at Westminster Abbey in London.
ANDY RAIN/EPA/REX/Shutterstock FRESH MEMORY: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge joined Prince Harry at a ceremony on Wednesday to honor the victims of the terrorist attack in London last month.Police also said Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there were no prior intelligence reports indicating his intent to carry out the terror attack.He refused to comment on the identity of the attacker, but said: "Our working assumption is that he was inspired by international terrorism." Update: 10.30pm: Five people have died and around 40 others have been injured in the Westminster terror attack, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer Mark Rowley has confirmed.
Update 9pm: Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed that four people - including one police officer and the perpetrator - died in today's "sick and depraved" attack in Westminster.
She confirmed that a single attacker drove a car into pedestrians walking on Westminster Bridge, killing two of them, before running with a knife through the front gates of the Palace of Westminster, where he killed a police officer before being shot dead.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of members of the public also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
"Sadly I can confirm that now four people have died - that includes the police officer who was protecting Parliament and one man we believe to be the attacker who was shot by a police firearms officer.
"This investigation has the full weight and expertise of the counter-terrorism command behind it and if there are people who saw the events unfold today that haven't yet spoken to us I would urge to get in touch." "A crime scene will remain in place in the affected areas in Westminster and you will understand it is vital as we carry out a painstaking investigation to recover all the possible evidence.
"For a precautionary basis are locking down the area and doing all the necessary searches so we can be completely confident that everyone is safe." Mr Rowley said that, apart from the police officer and his attacker, it was his understanding that the two other victims died on the bridge.
Update 6.01pm: Four people were killed in the Westminster terror attack, including the police officer who was stabbed and his attacker, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer Mark Rowley has confirmed.
"Then the police moved us back." Update 4.42pm: At least two people have died after a knifeman brought terror to the heart of Westminster in London this afternoon, mowing down pedestrians then stabbing a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
Confirmed her death at the scene." Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: "There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
"As we are very busy dealing with this incident, we would ask the public to only call us in a genuine emergency." Update 3.45pm: Witness Quentin Letts said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside the British Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons.
He added: "As this attacker was running towards the entrance two plain-clothed guys with guns shouted at him what sounded like a warning, he ignored it and they shot two or three times and he fell." "I heard shouts and screams from outside and looked out, and there was a group of maybe 40 or 50 people running round the corner from Bridge Street into Parliament Square," said Mr Woodcock.
"It looked like they are taking her away." Update 3.15pm: A policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the British Houses of Parliament.
Emergency services close to the Palace of Westminster, Armed police cleared the area around the incident and Parliament Square was closed to traffic.
"There are also reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity of the Palace of Westminster but I hope colleagues on all sides will appreciate that it'd be wrong of me to go into further details until we have confirmation from the police and from the House security authorities about what is going on." Witnesses described seeing a middle-aged man carrying a knife and running.
Scotland Yard confirmed it was called to a firearms incident on Westminster Bridge amid reports of several people injured.
One man who says he is in an office block close to the incident said on twitter: "Just seen police shoot a man outside parliament, appeared to be wielding a knife / About five minutes we hard a bang, and then screams, from our office in the Palace of Westminster.REUTERS/Toby Melville A Mormon missionary from Utah was among the three people killed in the Wednesday terrorist attack in London.5 dead in vehicle, knife attack at British Parliament By Jill Lawless, Paisley Dodds and Danica Kirka; Benjamin Van Maele | Posted: Wed 10:05 AM, Mar 22, 2017 | Updated: Wed 6:01 PM, Mar 22, 2017 LONDON (AP) — A knife-wielding man went on a deadly rampage in the heart of Britain's seat of power Wednesday, plowing a car into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge before stabbing a police officer to death inside the gates of Parliament.
Five people were killed, including the assailant, and 40 others were injured in what Prime Minister Theresa May condemned as a "sick and depraved terrorist attack." Police secure the area on the south side of Westminster Bridge close to the Houses of Parliament in London, Wednesday, March 22, 2017.
David Liddington also said there were "reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity." London's police said officers had been called to a firearms incident on Westminster Bridge, near the parliament.
(AP Photo/Matt Dunham) Lawmakers, lords, staff and visitors were locked down after the man was shot by police within the perimeter of Parliament, just yards (meters) from entrances to the building itself and in the shadow of the iconic Big Ben clock tower.
I just can't believe what I just saw." The attacker managed to get past a gate into Parliament's fenced-in New Palace Yard, a cobbled courtyard in the shadow of the Big Ben clock tower.
Daily Mail journalist Quentin Letts said a man in black attacked the police officer before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the building."There are also reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity of the Palace of Westminster but I hope colleagues on all sides will appreciate that it'd be wrong of me to go into further details until we have confirmation from the police and from the House security authorities about what is going on." He said: "I look up and I see that a person is lying on the pavement.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.'In memory of the innocent lives lost to us all': Prince William leaves touching floral tribute as royals, victims' families and first responders mark two weeks since London terror attacks with Westminster Abbey service Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry have joined families of Westminster terror attack victims Survivors, witnesses and members of the emergency services all attended multi-faith Service of Hope Five people, including terrorist Khalid Masood, were killed and dozens of others injured in the atrocity Royals privately met some members of the congregation, including families of victims and survivors The Duke of Cambridge left a touching note to the victims of the London terror attacks as he placed a wreath on a memorial outside Westminster Abbey today.
William' After the ceremony Mrs Cochran spotted paramedic Mo Adimora who came to her aid on that day and gave him a big hug Prince William, Kate and Prince Harry stand silent during the service (left), while the Duchess of Cambridge flashes a smile (right) Around 1,800 people gathered at Westminster Abbey for the Service of Hope, two weeks on from Khalid Masood's murderous rampage which saw five people killed and dozens injured.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry arrive for a Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey in London American tourist Melissa Payne Cochran (pictured) who lost her husband, broke her leg and shattered her ribs in last month's terrorist attack, is pictured arriving at Westminster Abbey's Service of Hope this afternoon It is the first time Mrs Cochran, who was in London with her husband celebrating her 25th wedding anniversary, has been seen in public since the attack although she has been pictured in hospital Prince William gave a Bible reading from Luke, Chapter 10, while Home Secretary Amber Rudd read from Jeremiah The royals held on to their services during the memorial ceremony in honour of the victims who died in the terror attack After the service the royals met the families of victims and some of the survivors for a private meeting Metropolitan Police officers are pictured at the Service of Hope at Westminster Abbey in London, following the terror attack Each member of the congregation clutched a single candle as prayers were read by those of all faiths, including Rabbi Baroness Julia Neuberger and Mr Khan (pictured) Witnesses and members of the emergency services involved in the response effort are among the congregation for the service - held just minutes from where the attack unfolded.
Her husband died during the incident American tourist Melissa Payne Cochran, who broke her leg and shattered her ribs in last month's terrorist attack, is expected to leave her hospital bed for Westminster Abbey's Service of Hope.
An inquest has been opened into the death of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood, who died from a gunshot wound 'Families of those killed in the attack, together with other victims, witnesses and first responders from the police, fire, paramedics, RNLI, lifeboat and NHS hospital services will be among the congregation.' The service, which will take place at noon, will be broadcast live on the BBC.
His time of death was recorded at 15.35.' The aftermath of the attack in which Masood (top) was shot after stabbing PC Palmer (right) Survivor of Westminster terror attack Melissa Cochran cries as she speaks for the first time about the 'love of her life husband' who was murdered on the bridge By Keiligh Baker, Anthony Joseph and Rachael Burford for MailOnline An American tourist, who survived London's terror attack, broke down in tears as she spoke about the 'love of her life husband' who was killed on the bridge.
No hate.' In newly released pictures Melissa Cochran can be seen slowly making her way up the stairs with the aid of two crutches and a nurse as she recovers from her injuries at a London hospital Mrs Cochran had not been told what had happened to her husband until her family arrived at the hospital.
This is the first image of the 46-year-old outside the hospital where she is recovering from her injuries after London's terror attack that left her with a broken leg and widowed In a picture taken on Saturday, Mrs Cochran can be seen slowly making her way up the stairs with the aid of two crutches and a nurse as she recovers from her injuries.
She was pictured for the first time since the attack on Friday She has also thanked people from all around the world for the 'outpouring of love and generosity' they have shown her and Kurt The 46-year-old's husband, Kurt, died on the final day of the couple's European trip to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary.Anna de Vries (pictured above), deputy head of media at the Metropolitan Police, said the comms team's phone queuing system suddenly showed a "massive spike" in calls, from one to 16.
Ed Stearns (pictured above), head of media at the Met, said: "The first bit of communications we put out was (a tweet) within seven minutes.
Being treated as a firearms incident - police on scene Stearns added: "The comms strategy from the very first minute is that a communication could save life, could change behaviour that will help the policing operation and reassure the public that the police are aware and dealing with the situation, whatever that will be.
De Vries said: "It might sound like quite a simple thing to say but in the past we've not said [anything] for quite a while and that has sometimes given the media the impression that we are not as operationally in control as we could be." The social media team, one of whom had been nominated to liaise with Stearns and de Vries, were central to putting out the initial public information comms operation but they also had another important, behaviour-change function, during the initial stages.
O'Hara (pictured above) continued: "That was really important because the organisation was in mourning and we had to make sure, as well as having up-to-date information that they had a chance to do that emotional outpouring." The comms team, by this point, were also in contact with PC Palmer's family and those of the other people murdered in the attack to help them manage their interaction with the media.
There are some things you look at and think 'could we have put out some of our generic messages quicker or not?' "There is nothing major we would look at doing differently, but then not every incident is the same." The comms response in numbers: 55 tweets with 21.6 million impressions on day one of the attack 790,000 engagements (eg click-throughs to website or social video) Biggest tweet: "Please use common sense and restraint" - 6.3 million impressions and 229,000 engagements Biggest Facebook post: Video showing the Met's flag being lowered to half-mast out of respect to PC Palmer - 1.7 million reach and 70,000 engagements.The latest Police believe there was only one attacker: Khalid Masood, a British-born man who was once investigated for extremist links but was considered a peripheral figure.
British PM Theresa May said on Thursday: “We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism.” Parliament resumed on Thursday In this image taken from video police officers gather around a car adjacent to Houses of Parliament in London after the House of Commons sitting was suspended as witnesses reported sounds like gunfire outside.
The suspect Police identified the attacker as Khalid Masood, a British-born man who was once investigated for extremist links but was considered a peripheral figure.
The attack “The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers,” Mark Rowley, Britain’s most senior counter-terrorism officer, told reporters.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Suggesting the scale of the threat faced by the UK, Mr Basu added: “We continue to work at a relentless pace with our key partners, currently dealing with around 550 live cases at any one time.” One attempted plot, it was revealed last August, had been thwarted “in the final hours before the planned attack” on a UK target.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP "Her time of death was recorded as 3.11pm on April 6." Coroner's officer Eric Sword told the inquest a post-mortem examination had given her main cause of death as "multiple organ failure" with a secondary cause given as "head injury ...BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.The Duke of Cambridge visited medical staff at St Thomas' Hospital on Thursday, to thank them for their live-saving efforts during the Westminster terror attack.Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images The suspected terrorist arrested in Westminster carrying knives is a one-time humanitarian activist who is now facing questions from police about whether he was about to stage a murderous attack in central London.
His arrest followed counter-terrorism investigators tracking him as he traveled through London and armed officers were laying in wait and swooped on him in an area full of high-profile buildings such as the House of Parliament and Downing Street.
Police also said that they had carried out two searches at addresses in London as part of their inquiries into Ali. His arrest at junction of Parliament Street and Parliament Square was just yards from where Khalid Masood first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and then used a knife to stab a police officer to death.London Bridge Terror Attack London Bridge Terror Attack 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Calum Macleod added: “These awards are a chance to showcase the exceptional bravery that officers protecting our country show day in, day out.“Looking after people is very much part of Islamic philosophy, to help your fellow citizens,” said Shah to Middle East Eye. “Although it won’t bring anyone back, or heal the physical and mental injures, it will hopefully help those affected.” At the time of writing this article, £11,752 has been raised, with a target of £20,000.
I wanted to thank you for your time for this particularly fantastic read!!
I definitely appreciated every part of it and I have you book marked to see new things in your blog.
Spot on with this write-up, I absolutely think this amazing site needs a great deal more attention.
But yeah, thanks for spending the time to talk about this topic here on your blog.
This site definitely has all of the information I wanted concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask.
I will book mark your website and keep checking for new information about once a week.
I could have sworn I’ve been to your blog before but after looking at many of the posts I realized it’s new to me.
I’ve got you saved as a favorite to check out new things you post… Hi, I do believe this is an excellent blog.
I appreciate you for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this blog.
I used to be able to find good advice from your blog articles.
Please reply back as I’m attempting to create my own personal blog and want to know where you got this from or exactly what the theme is named.
Great website, continue the good work!
I would like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put in writing this blog.
I’m hoping to check out the same high-grade blog posts by you later on as well.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.He was a member of the Met’s Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection command and had 15 years service PC Keith Palmer was killed during the terror attack after he was stabbed to death just inside the railings at Parliament.
Mark Rowley, the national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner, said: “He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift – and he had every right to expect that would happen.” PC Palmer was unarmed when the attacker – who was wielding two large knives – came charging towards him after mowing down pedestrians in his car on Westminster Bridge.
In a public post on Facebook, Shantell Payne wrote: “With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran, he could not overcome the injuries he received in the London terror attacks.
My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.” Leslie Rhodes PA:Press Association Retired window cleaner Leslie Rhodes, was one of the victims in the Westminster terror attack Leslie Rhodes suffered serious injuries in the atrocity and died in hospital a day later.
His friend, Michael Carney, 74, who had known Leslie for about 40 years, said they played Queen for him as as he lay critically ill in hospital.
He was the nicest man you ever met.” Neighbours and friends described cricket-loving Leslie as a “lovely man” and said he had been “as fit as a fiddle”.This is where "lone wolf" terrorists, who usually operate outside of a command and control pattern, become immensely difficult to stop: The more sophisticated and preplanned the plot, the more likely security services can detect, deter and disrupt.
Security services simply cannot prevent these in all cases.Minutes earlier a black car had driven into pedestrians on a footpath on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into a railing outside parliament.
As details of the attacks spread around Westminster, Kinahan said that MPs and staff were “quietly stunned” by what had happened.
Inside Parliament, police were searching every room and office in the building.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP A spokesman for the Houses of Parliament said: “The security of members, staff and the visiting public is our highest priority.A VITAL clue left at the scene of the explosion after the Ariana Grande concert helped British police identify Manchester suicide bomber Salman Abedi.
Police believe Abedi killed 22 people – many children – and injured at least 119 when he detonated an explosive device at an Ariana Grande concert at Manchester Arena.
“We will not change our way of life and we will continue to fight together as the (British) Prime Minister and I reaffirmed last night, to defeat this scourge of terrorism in our homes and around the world.” The 22-year-old’s identity was revealed after teams of armed police swooped on his address in Fallowfield, Manchester, The Sun reports.
Picture: AAP Eyewitnesses told how bomb disposal officers were seen entering his house before a controlled explosion took place.
Greater Manchester Police said they had executed a warrant and carried out a controlled explosion at Fallowfield in the south of the city on May 23, the day after a deadly attack at an Ariana Grande concert on May 22.
“We will not be cowered by terrorists, we will not be intimidated by them, we will not change our way of life and we will continue to fight together, united, to defeat them.” A 23-year-old man was arrested earlier Tuesday in connection with the attack, while a house was raided in the Whalley Range area, also in south Manchester.
Greater Manchester Police gave no further details about the arrest but said they had executed warrants in the districts of Whalley Range and Fallowfield, 5km south of the city centre, where a controlled explosion took place.
Helen McDermott, from Halewood just outside Liverpool, who set up the page said: “We’re raising £500 ($A866) to help fund a beautiful send off for Megan who was taken far too early due to the awful attacks at Manchester Arena on 22/05/2017.
Thoughts and prayers with all your family and the other 21 people who lost there lives last night.” media_cameraGeorgina Callander, 18, pictured with Ariana Grande, was one of the 22 people killed in the attack.
“The whole nation has been shocked by the death and injury in Manchester last night of so many people, adults and children, who had just been enjoying a concert,” she said.In this must-watch clip Maajid Nawaz delivers a message to Londoners about solidarity following the Westminster terror attack.
And Muslims stand with those who believe in secular liberal democratic values, just as the rest of Britain does as well.
"Eleven countries are represented by those victims, and that speaks to the great city that London is, so the cosmopolitan capital that it is.Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.A policeman points a gun at a man on the floor (top) while emergency services attend him and a police officer (bottom) outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament ( PA ) But British-born Masood wasn't known for looking to commit a terror attack.
At a house being searched in the city, his former neighbour Iwona Romek, said she could not believe her eyes when she realised the man who had lived near her was the same person responsible for the attack.
I wasn't allowed back in my property for an hour." Masood's history is likely to lead to questions for the intelligence services, given they had been in contact with him before the attack.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Police launched a missing person case that continued until Ali surfaced at the British consulate in Istanbul in 2016, claiming he had lost his passport and asking for emergency travel documents to return to the UK.
“He is an incredibly dangerous individual who had returned from a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan with a determination to kill, we believe, police, the military or parliamentarians in the UK.” Mr Haydon said there was a “time lag” between the FBI linking Ali to the Taliban bombs and his arrest because “due legal process” needed to be followed to collect the evidence from abroad.Says he was a "strong, professional public servant" pic.twitter.com/HhP2n5sMDV Theresa May's statement - Summary MPs from all sides of the Commons have been praising Theresa May for the tone and the language she used in her statement to the Commons about the Westminster terror attack.
May said that attacker was a British-born man who had been investigated in the past in relation to violent extremism, by only as “a peripheral figure”.
Two people were killed and about 40 more were injured, she said: In addition to 12 Britons admitted to hospital, we know that the victims include three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, one German, one Pole, one Irish, one Chinese, one Italian, one American and two Greeks.
Travis Frain, 19, who was injured in the Westminster terror attack went over the bonnet of the killer’s car as the carnage began, his mother said today.
She said France too had “felt the horror and trauma of terrible terrorist attacks.” Police officers like Keith Palmer put their lives on the line every day, she said.
It’s a fact often forgotten when people see the police officer walking on the streets that actually they do put their lives on the line for our safety and security.
I express my condolences to the family and friends of PC Keith Palmer, who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and our democracy – and to the loved ones of those still in a critical condition including the French schoolchildren visiting our capital from Concarneau in Brittany.
Innocent people were killed yesterday walking across Westminster Bridge as many millions of Londoners and tourists have done before them.
Theresa May's statement - further key extracts Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within twenty yards of the gates.
At approximately 2.40pm yesterday a single attacker drove his vehicle at speed into innocent pedestrians crossing Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring around 40 more.But the man who killed three people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." Mrs May was speaking as it emerged eight people have been arrested in connection with the terror attack.
Scotland Yard said six addresses have been raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere overnight following the attack linked to "Islamic terrorism in some form".
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
But if I saw the three men who live there I wouldn't recognise them." Farhad Makanvand, landlord of the Birmingham property raided by counter-terror police late on WednesdayCredit: Michael Scott/Caters Mr Makanvand said he had been left "deeply shocked" by the sequence of events which culminated in the raid on his premises on Birmingham's Hagley Road.
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
The debate has now been put on hold until Tuesday March 28, when Holyrood is likely to vote to give the First Minister the authority to seek talks with Westminster over a section 30 agreement, the mechanism to transfer the powers for a legally-binding ballot to take place Statement from Islamic State, which singled out UK as next target The statement reads: "The attacker is a ISIS soldier who answered the call to attack countries participating in the anti-ISIS coalition." Josie Ensor, the Telegraph's Middle East Correspondent, reports the group's late spokesman, Abu Mohammed Adnani's, previously called on followers abroad: "If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet, then single out the disbelieving American, Frenchman, or any of their allies.
I'm in shock." Watch | London attack: car speeds along bridge and ploughs into pedestrians Video: Forensics officers search scene of Pc's murder Around 10 people in blue overalls, apparently forensics officers, were seen on their hands and knees, searching the cobblestones in a horizontal line in New Palace Yard, near where Pc Palmer was stabbed and the attacker was shot.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
"There was no prior intelligence of his intent or of the plot." 'Our values will prevail' Watch | Theresa May: The terrorists will not win 00:25 Mrs May concluded her statement by saying: "Our values will prevail." Mrs May said it was an attack on free people all over the world as she thanked global allies including US President Donald Trump for their support.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
Watch | London attack: car speeds along bridge and ploughs into pedestrians 00:33 Witnesses described scenes of terror when gunfire rang out as the attacker approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
A brave man." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circledCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA The killer managed to get in through a vehicle gate in New Palace Yard – used by the Prime Minister and other members of the Government – because it was not locked.Prime Minister Theresa May said of Palmer, "He was every inch a hero." Jack Taylor / Getty Images Originally published on March 23, 2017 7:19 pm Updated at 5:30 p.m. ET The man who is believed to have carried out a deadly attack near the U.K. Parliament has been identified by Britain's Metropolitan Police as Khalid Masood, 52.
Police say he "was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack." "However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including [grievous bodily harm ], possession of offensive weapons and public order offences," Scotland Yard said Thursday.
In London Thursday, extra officers — both armed and unarmed — are out on the streets, the Metropolitan Police says.It was earlier revealed that the fourth member of the public who died after the attack by the home-grown terrorist was 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from Clapham, south London.
He reportedly added: "It isn't what it used to be." Khaldid Masood, circled, during his school years in Kent aged about 14 The death toll from Masood's murderous assault on the capital rose again on Thursday when Mr Rhodes - a retired window-cleaner, who is believed to have been visiting a nearby hospital when he was killed - became the fourth innocent victim to die.
Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" after Masood ploughed a car down Westminster Bridge and stormed the Parliamentary estate armed with two blades, fatally knifing Pc Keith Palmer.
Recap: What we know so far about Westminster terror attack If you're looking to catch up with the latest on the London terror attack, this is what we know so far: Five people have died - Pc Keith Palmer, 48, mother-of-two Aysha Frade, US tourist Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes, 75, from Clapham, south London.
Masood, 52, had a string of criminal convictions including possession of a knife, but he was not the subject of any current investigations and there was "no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack".
We utterly condemn this terrorist act." The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, speaks as Inter-faith leaders listen during a vigil in the grounds of Westminster AbbeyCredit: HANNAH MCKAY/EPA Sadiq Khan lays flowers as it is revealed he will drop three cities from European capitals tour The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has laid flowers for the victims of the Westminster terror attack.
'Scum and pure evil' - terror victim's sister in law The sister-in-law of Leslie Rhodes said his killer, Khalid Masood, was "scum and pure evil", as she recounted how she could not get the picture of the 75-year-old lying in King's College hospital "out of my head", reports Harry Yorke.
Leslie Rhodes, a retired window cleaner from south London, suffered serious injuries in the atrocity and died in hospital a day later.
He added: "You know, it's a crime that he's been taken." Emergency services on Westminster Bridge after the attackCredit: Dominic Lipinski/PA Mr Williams said he had been told by neighbours who went to see him before he died that Mr Rhodes was attending the hospital and may have been coming from or going to a bus stop nearby when he was hit.
He said: "It's frustrating that we get nonsense like this from armchair critics." Key points from anti-terror officer's 8am statement Mark Rowley appealed to the public for information about the killer, whose birth name was Adrian Russell Ajao - but who was also known as Adrian Elms and was using the name Khalid Masood at the time of the attack.
He disclosed that: Two people remain in hospital in a critical condition, one with life-threatening injuries Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" A total of 50 people were injured in the murderous rampage, with 30 of them needing hospital treatment Hundreds of officers are involved in the investigation after the Westminster attack Two more arrests have been made overnight, in the West Midlands and North West A total of nine people remain in custody after one woman earlier arrested was bailed Searches of five addresses are ongoing Officers have so far seized 2,700 items from searches - including computer data He was charged in 2003 with grievous bodily harm, when aged 39, after being accused of stabbing a 22-year-old man in the nose in an incident in Eastbourne.
The attack claimed another victim as a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday night.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.I was scared that maybe I would be assaulted because of the many labels that come with wearing a hijab..." The letter was praised by other Muslims on Reddit who sympathised with the girl's situation: Mashable has reached out to the Reddit poster to get more details about the story.What we saw yesterday — striking at the heart of London and the heart of our democracy — was a cowardly and indiscriminate attack on innocent people going about their daily lives.
Tragically, PC Keith Palmer, a Metropolitan Police officer who was doing his duty — protecting our city, our Parliament and keeping people safe — was among those killed yesterday.
There will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on London’s streets over the coming days to keep Londoners and visitors safe — you will see them at stations and across the city.
Of course, London has lived with the serious threat of another terrorist attack for some time — our police and security services have foiled 13 attempted attacks over the past four years alone.
Tonight, I am asking Londoners and those who are visiting our city to come together in solidarity to commemorate those who have lost their lives, to show sympathy with their families and loved ones and to show the world that we are more committed than ever to the values we hold dear, that we remain united and open.- Three deaths confirmed Three people have died, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism police officer Mark Rowley announces in a news conference.
Seven people were arrested at six addresses following enquiries in London and Birmingham, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley tells journalists.
Rowley adds that police believe the attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism."I am grateful for all their efforts." TIMELINE OF TERROR Lone wolf attacker mowed down crowds of pedestrians in 4x4 on Westminster Bridge He then crashed into gate outside Parliament before stabbing policeman PC Keith Palmer, 48, to death Armed cops put Westminster on lockdown as attack brought London to a standstill yesterday afternoon Four people died - including the attacker who was shot by police - and 29 are injured, including seven critical Eight people arrested today after six raids at addresses in London, Birmingham and elsewhere Cops believe they know the identity of the suspect who was inspired by Islamic terrorism The Hyundai used to carry out the attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham, according to Newsnight Hero MP Tobias Ellwood attempted to revive PC Palmer but husband and father could not be saved Theresa May condemned attack as 'sick and depraved' before holding emergency Cobra meeting MPs were locked in House of Commons for five hours PC Palmer, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad and former Bombardier in the Royal Artillery Army Reserve between '87-'01 , was killed as he tried to stop the attacker at about 2.30pm on Wednesday, while two members of the public were also fatally injured.Sebastian Coe and World Series of Boxing teams caught up in Westminster terrorist attack International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) President Sebastian Coe and members of the British Lionhearts and Italia Thunder boxing teams were among those caught up in a terrorist attack in Westminster here today, where five people have died and at least 40 injured.
Representatives from the two boxing squads were present at the launch of the second year of the British Lionhearts in the Community (BLITC) programme here, which finished just as the horrific incident was unfolding at around 2:40pm local time.
"Although at the time of the incident some of the #ItaliaThunder boxers were not far away, we want to reassure you that all are well." I can never unsee what I've just seen infront of my eyes at the House of Parliament in London ...
God be with the police officer Coe, a member of the House of Lords, and IAAF communications director Jackie Brock-Doyle were also visiting Westminster at the time of the incident.
A statement from GB Boxing confirmed none of the British Lionhearts team were hurt in the attack but that they "witnessed" part of the incident.
"GB Boxing can confirm that boxers and coaching staff from its British Lionhearts boxing team (who are due compete against Italia Thunder in the World Series of Boxing tomorrow night at York Hall) were at Westminster today and witnessed part of the attack at the Houses of Parliament," a statement read.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.And Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old father and husband, was the unarmed police officer on duty at the gates of Parliament when the attacker stabbed him to death.
"Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty, protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life," London Mayor Sadiq Khan said.
His death drew tributes from politicians including Conservative James Cleverly, who said he served with Palmer in the Royal Artillery before he became a "copper." "A lovely man, a friend.
We love him so much." Teacher killed Aysha Frade's death was first confirmed by the mayor of Betanzos in Spain, Ramon Garcia Vasquez, where the teacher's relatives live.Track here for LIVE Updates: 7:45 am: In a message to the police, British Queen Elizabeth II said, “My thoughts, prayers and deepest sympathy are with all those who have been affected by the awful violence.” 7:00 am: Before he killed at least four people in Britain’s deadliest attack since the 2005 London bombings, Khalid Masood was considered by intelligence officers to be a criminal who posed little serious threat.
Masood, who killed three people near parliament before being shot dead, was born in Kent to the southeast of London and had been most recently living in central England, London police said.
2:45 pm: The Lok Sabha also condemned the terror attack on the British Parliament in London that killed five people including the attacker.
2:10PM: British police believe the attack was linked to Islamic terrorism and are checking whether the lone attacker was supported by anyone else, the defence minister said on Thursday.
“The police are investigating this man, his associates, where he came from,” Michael Fallon told BBC Radio 2:05PM: Russian President Vladimir Putin says the attack outside Parliament in London underlined the need for pooling global efforts against terrorism.
10:37 am: The first mass casualty terrorist strike on Britain in over a decade was condemned as “sick and depraved terrorist attack” on democratic values by Prime Minister Theresa May. 10:32 am: The incident happened on the first anniversary of attacks in Brussels by Islamist militants that killed 32 people, and the use of a vehicle was a copy of an Islamic State tactic used previously in the French city Nice and Germany’s Berlin.
And I confirmed earlier, the suspected attacker was shot dead by an armed officer -therefore meaning we now have five people in total who have died, said Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and the Acting Deputy Commissioner.Switch edition ‘This is a war on people enjoying the benefits of a free society.’ Women at a police cordon set up following a terrorist attack on London Bridge and Borough Market.
How we work, how we play: they are two sides of the same coin.
Even at a time as painful as this, the biggest risk is that we let the zealots rob us of what makes us who we are.Describing how the UK is going through a "dark chapter" facing the terrorist threat, he paid tribute to the police for their work in a country "that seems to be getting more dangerous and more volatile".
"These attacks will continue unless we step forward and actually participate, become more pro-active in dealing with what is a very changing and dark chapter that we are enduring." He told BBC Radio 4's Today: "From 2002 to today, extremism is still there.
"As we enter this period of remembrance and reflection, we stand together as Londoners, united against terrorism and in hope for the future." Five innocent people were killed in Masood's rampage - 48-year-old Pc Palmer, who was on duty at the Palace of Westminster, along with US tourist Kurt Cochran, Romanian tourist Andreea Cristea, 31, and Britons Aysha Frade, 44, and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes, who were mown down on the bridge.
It will only make the bonds that bind us all together even stronger." 'He wouldn't like any of the fuss': Pc Palmer's friend pays tribute to 'modest' officer A police officer has paid tribute to his friend and fellow officer who was killed in the Westminster attack.
Pc Keith Palmer with Staci Martin, an American tourist, 45 minutes before his death He told LBC radio: "I was getting myself changed when the alarm went off, that there'd been a terrorist attack, there'd been a large explosion in the area of Portcullis House, Westminster Bridge, so I quickly pulled on all of my kit.BRITISH Prime Minister Theresa May has revealed the London terrorist attacker was investigated by authorities and his identity was known to police and MI5.
Picture: AP media_cameraForensics investigators and police officers work near Westminster Bridge.
Picture: Reuters The incident occurred around 2.40pm local time when a man mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge in his car before stabbing a police officer to death at the entrance to Parliament.
“The location of this attack was no accident - the terrorist chose to strike the heart of our capital city” media_cameraPeople stand near a crashed car and an injured person lying on the ground, right, on Bridge Street near the Houses of Parliament in London.
Picture: REX/Shutterstock/australscope The chilling moments terror hit London1:27 These are the chilling moments after a terrorist attack took place at Westminster House, leaving civilians running for their lives.
Courtesy: BBC/Aaron Tsang March 23rd 2017 a year ago /display/newscorpaustralia.com/Web/NewsNetwork/Network News/World/ The chilling moments terror hit London NOWHERE TO RUN The attack began as a driver in a grey SUV slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.
The assailant fell to the floor; the close protection officers continued to run towards him.” News Corp spoke to two men who missed the attack on Westminster Bridge by a matter of minutes.
“We will never change the way we live, we will never let them divide us, we will never let them intimidate us or challenge our democratic way of life or the freedoms for which generations of Australians have served and died to keep secure.” media_cameraAustralian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said Australia stands in solidarity with the people of Britain.
“It’s impossible, of course, for any government to mitigate those risks 100 per cent but we’re working to make sure there are physical changes to our environment that make it harder for a terrorist to commit the sort of attack that we saw in London.” Increased security at Parliament today was standard in the wake of an attack, he said.Photograph: EPA British anti-terrorism police said on Saturday they still believe the man who launched a deadly attack outside parliament this week was acting alone but conceded they may never understand his motive.An incident has occurred in Westminster and is being treated by the Metropolitan Police as a terrorist attack.
The attacker drove a vehicle towards the palace gates and stabbed people, killing a police officer.
The Metropolitan Police said: “Police were called at approx 2:40pm to reports of an incident at Westminster Bridge.I was then left there with a couple of the original policeman, who by this time were very, very upset because it was their colleague.' The assailant, 52-year-old Khalid Masood, drove at speed across Westminster Bridge before crashing into railings outside the Houses of Parliament and launching a knife attack to try to get inside before he was shot dead.Did 4Chan user warn of London terror attack in cryptic coded message?
The original 4Chan post by an anonymous user only contained Morse code.IBTimes UKConverting the Morse code to text directs straight to a Pastebin ewb address.Acting Deputy Commissioner Mark Rowley, the Met Police's senior anti-terror officer, said 29 people had been treated in hospital, with seven people in a critical condition.
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the working assumption is that the Westminster attack is linked to Islamic terrorism.1. He is a Member of the British Conservative Party Tobias Ellwood attends a meeting with Boris Johnson, Faiez Serraj, and Ahmed Mateeg at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office on October 31, 2016 in London.
It took three days for Ellwood’s family to find out that Jon had been killed, and Tobias told BBC News that the aftermath of the attack was so chaotic that he had to take many actions into his own hands, including burying his brother.Police said another victim of the attack died Thursday "after his life-support was withdrawn." 75-year-old dies after removal from life-support the day after London attack Const.
The death toll from the attack rose to four on Thursday when police announced a 75-year-old man "died tonight after his life-support was withdrawn." Masood was born in Kent to the southeast of London and had been most recently living in central England, London police said.
"However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH [grievous bodily harm], possession of offensive weapons and public order offences." People lit candles Thursday night at a vigil in Trafalgar Square in London the day after the attack.
After speeches and a minute's silence Amber Rudd, the home secretary MP, mayor Sadiq Khan and acting police commissioner Craig Mackey lit the three oversize candles to applause from the crowd Earlier, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said the attacker had been investigated by British intelligence "some years ago." May said he had been investigated by MI-5, the U.K.'s intelligence service, "in relation to concerns of violent extremism," but that he was not part of what she called the current intelligence picture, saying he was a "peripheral figure." Theresa May makes statement in the House of Commons 10:47 Masood sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, then ran through the gates of the nearby Parliament building and fatally stabbed an unarmed policeman before being shot dead.Three police officers are said to be among those injured in the attack and the French prime minister had confirmed that three French teenage students had also been hurt in the incident.
An air ambulance landed in Parliament Square and medics were treating a number of people who had been injured in the incident, including the man who had been shot by police.
He said that officers had received a number of different reports which "included a person in the river, a car in collision with pedestrians and a man armed with a knife".That includes the police officer who was protecting parliament and one man we believe to be the attacker who was shot," Rowley told reporters, adding that at least 20 people were injured.- Three deaths confirmed Three people have died, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism police officer Mark Rowley announces in a news conference.
Seven people were arrested at six addresses following enquiries in London and Birmingham, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley tells journalists.
Rowley adds that police believe the attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.These were: Aysha Frade, 43; a man in his mid 50s, PC Keith Palmer, US tourist Kirk Cochran and the attacker - 52-year-old Khalid Masood; 29 people were treated for their injuries in hospital, incuding one Irish person; seven of these are critically ill; numbers of ‘walking wounded’ are still being collated; The attacker has not yet been publicly identified, and police have asked the media to not yet do so; The Westminster attacker was a British citizen who was known to the police and security services and had been investigated some years ago over violent extremism, Theresa May has confirmed; The Islamic State group has said through its Aaamaq news agency that the London attacker was a "soldier of the Islamic State"; Eight people have been arrested in raids at six addresses in connection with the investigation overnight; The raids took place in London, Birmingham and at other, undisclosed, locations; Metropolitan Police say the attacker acted alone, but was ‘inspired by international terrorism’; British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said the working assumption is that the Westminster attack is linked to Islamic terrorism.
Update 4.30pm: Donald Trump has paid tribute to tourist Kurt Cochran, who was among the three people killed in yesterday's terrorist attack in London.
Update 3.40pm The third victim of the London terror attack has been named by his family as American tourist Kurt Cochran, from Utah.
Update 10.15am: Scotland Yard said eight people have now been arrested as part of the investigation into the Westminster terror attack.
He said: "That's why we are doing it, because of the overwhelming amount of our colleagues asking for it." Update 9.50am A minute's silence was held across the UK at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
Update 8.45am: One of the victims of yesterday's attack in London has been named as 43-year-old teacher and mother-of-two Aysha Frade.
Somebody who was me, because we all grew together." Update 7.45am: Police have confirmed seven people remain critically ill after yesterday's terror attack in London.
These include the police officer PC Keith Palmer, who was stabbed to death, two members of the public and the attacker himself.
The Metropolitan Police's senior anti-terror officer Mark Rowley asked the media to not identify the attacker at this stage.
Earlier: Armed police have launched a late-night raid on an address in Birmingham after yesterday's deadly attack in London in which four people died and 40 were injured.