That's why LBC is supporting the campaign for this new Memorial, which will be inscribed with the names of over 1,800 officers and staff from the police service who have died from injuries they sustained whilst carrying out their lawful duties.
LBC breakfast presenter Nick Ferrari says: "After the tragic events of last month which resulted in the death of a brave police officer, there can surely be no better time to remember the sacrifices that officers like he and others have given down the years.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.London Bridge Terror Attack London Bridge Terror Attack 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Calum Macleod added: “These awards are a chance to showcase the exceptional bravery that officers protecting our country show day in, day out.Four people are so far confirmed to have died in the attack as well as the attacker - PC Palmer, Aysha Frade, American Kurt Cochran and a 75-year-old man who had his life-support turned off a day after being injured.More details are emerging about the French students injured on Westminster Bridge during the attack.
• Two people died on Westminster Bridge • At least 20 people have been injured, including three police officers who were returning from a commendation ceremony.
He said: “Please be vigilant you will see more police officers armed and unarmed on the streets of London.” • Police have deployed massive resources but they can call on the military if needed.
(By us, I mean the journalists and other people working in the Commons being held in Westminster Hall.) He says there has been a significant incident, and outside the building, New Palace Yard, is a crime scene.The man in the centre of the image appears to be wearing an Arsenal football shirt The bodies of two men, believed to be terrorists, lie in the road in Borough market after shots had been heard A wounded victim was wheeled out on stretcher by London Bridge as shocked people cried and shouted around them.
At least 48 injured people were rushed to five hospitals around London after the terror attack A traumatised man who helped the wounded victim led away on a stretcher walked away with blood on his shirt.
Meanwhile: Witness accounts of the terrifying events started to emerge with revellers describing how they fought off knifemen with chairs and glasses after attackers stormed packed bars and restaurants A hero taxi driver revealed how he tried to knock down three men 'armed with 12in knives' while another reported seeing victim being stabbed in the face and chest Dashcam footage emerged showing the aftermath of the devastation caused by the van on London Bridge, with bystanders seen tending to victims on the side of the road Desperate families are begging for information on loved ones feared missing after the attack, including a 16-year-old girl who failed to return home last night Kindhearted Londoners offered beds, food and cups of tea to survivors as the city came together in the wake of another attack and #PrayForLondon trended on social media Today heavily armed officers raided a flat in Barking, east London, on Sunday morning as police launched a major investigation into the third terror attack on British soil in as many months The Prime Minister chaired a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee in Whitehall this morning and insisted in a press conference outside No 10 afterwards: 'Enough is enough' Politicians faced calls to cancel the election next week but Mrs May confirmed it will go ahead as planned All parties except for Ukip agreed to suspend national election campaigning today but local efforts will continue London Mayor Sadiq Khan condemned the 'barbaric' and 'horrific' event as 'deliberate and cowardly'.
The white van had yellow stripes, veered to the right and people tried to jump out the way.' Witnesses to the terror attack heard at least 12 gunshots in the area, now believed to have been police firing at the attackers.
Horrified revellers fled the scene of terror as police shouted at people to run away and hide Petrified bystanders were pictured fleeing the chaos after the jihadists started the rampage at 10.08pm on Saturday night A man was seen clutching an injured woman's face as she was led away on a stretcher by medics Pictured, the van - which is believed to be a B&Q and Hertz vehicle - that was used to mow down unsuspecting pedestrians.
Witnesses said it veered in an 'S shape' across the bridge and drove towards the Shard and was south of the river Within minutes of the first emergency call, armed police were on the scene, pictured, and remain at London Bridge today Ben said: 'We saw people running away and then I saw a man in red with a large blade, at a guess 10 inches long, stabbing a man, about three times.
A City of London police officer bows in respect as a coroner's vehicle is driven away from London Bridge this morning Armed police officers walk a detection dog through the streets around Borough Market as the investigation gets underway Forensic officers today searched London Bridge for clues as they tried to piece together what happened last night Forensics officers were seen carrying tools and bags of evidence away from London Bridge this morning Medical supplies and debris were strewn across a street near Borough Market, where dozens of victims were stabbed DASHCAM FOOTAGE REVEALS TRAIL OF DEVASTATION ON LONDON BRIDGE AFTER VAN TERROR RAMPAGE A taxi driver filmed the aftermath of last night's shocking terrorist attack on London Bridge on his cab's dash cam.
Taxi driver Radoslav Petrov witnessed injured pedestrians receiving assistance from passers by, left, moments after three jihadis ploughed through them on London Bridge last night Police raced towards the scene, left, as the jihadists abandoned their vehicle and began 'randomly stabbing' unarmed victims Police ordered survivors, right, to run north across the bridge and away from the terrorists as they responded to the emergency calls 'I would like to ask the public to remain vigilant and let us know if they see anything suspicious that causes them concern and dial 999 immediately.' Police advised people who live within the London Bridge cordon to stay somewhere else on Saturday night if they could.
It was a rampage.' One of the men suspected of being an attacker was pictured lying on the ground after he was shot by the police outside the Wheatsheaf pub in Borough Market.
It didn't look real to me but I'm not like the person who could honestly say if they were real or not,' He added: 'I've been in situations like this before, I don't think you realise how scary how possibly be until you put yourself into it, a policeman could have shot me because it was me, the police and these three men so I was lucky definitely.' Witnesses to the terror attack said there was a stabbing in the Southwark venue at the Borough market while others heard at least 12 gunshots in the area Harrowing footage showed a bleeding man who was stabbed during the rampage trying to seek help at a nearby bar but reportedly being turned away by bouncers JOURNALIST IS FILMED CLUTCHING BLEEDING NECK AFTER HE IS INJURED WHEN KNIFEMEN STORM PUB One of the injured victims is journalist Geoff Ho, who was reportedly stabbed at the Southwark Tavern before being rushed to hospital during the chaos.
Armed police were seen flooding the cordoned-off streets as they launched a hunt for the jihadists Debris and abandoned cars remained in London at the scene of the terror attack Guests from the Premier Inn Bankside Hotel are evacuated and kept in a group with police on Upper Thames Street following the terrorist incidents Cordons were put up across Southwark Street before repeatedly being pushed back as police widened the critical zone around Borough Market Jamie, a witness who was in Black & Blue in Rochester Walk said: 'We hid under the table and people came into the restaurant and knocked a bunch of stuff over, like the till.
'One of them had a big knife, then he came in and walked around the restaurant, I guess they just kind of stabbed anyone that they saw and knocked things on the ground and then we just hid.' Gerard Vowls, 47, who was in a pub near London Bridge, said he threw chairs and glasses at the attackers in a bid to stop them entering.
Police officers were seen screaming to people and ordering them to run Many bystanders were in tears, with friends supporting each other and carrying people up the road A man in a black tracksuit was arrested in Vauxhall in an unrelated stabbing on Saturday night He said: 'I remember that I was working behind the bar and one man entered into my restaurant and that's it - I remember about the third table, second one, next to the door, a man dropped everything and ran out.
Was in a pub and they were at the door stabbing people.' Hours after the initial attack two loud blasts were heard near London Bridge although police were said to have looked 'calm' about the explosions.
One witness said she saw three people with what appeared to be their throats cut on London Bridge amid the 'utter chaos' Petrified bystanders caught up in the 'utter chaos' were pictured talking to a police officer in London Bridge Devastated revellers sat on the pavement as they comforted each other in the London Bridge area, where jihadists mowed pedestrians down London Mayor Sadiq Khan has called the terrorist incidents at London Bridge and Borough Market 'deliberate and cowardly', adding: 'There is no justification whatsoever for such barbaric acts'.
A police officer cleared people away from the area near London Bridge after an incident in central London Panicked workers ran through nearby Borough market, where witnesses reported a gang trying to smash into a packed pub Police in riot gear, with helmets and shields, combed the streets after the attacks on London Bridge and Borough Market Police have confirmed that the incidents in London Bridge and Borough Market are being treated as acts of terror Police have told people to 'remain calm, but be alert and vigilant.' They added: 'We are using all necessary skills and resources at London Bridge, Borough Market and Vauxhall' Kumi de Costa was caught up with her two friends at the incident in Borough Market.
'A couple of times we had to lie down on the floor of the cab because of the shooting around us.' Police have told people to 'remain calm, but be alert and vigilant.' They added: 'We are using all necessary skills and resources at London Bridge, Borough Market and Vauxhall.' Bursts of gunfire were heard as witnesses described how one man was arrested after police stormed towards a house in Southwark.
Eyewitness John Bennet said: 'As I was walking up the Borough High Street the police were crowded round a house on the right hand side.' Police cordoned off the streets as they worked diligently to evacuate as many people as possible amid multiple incidents in London Police officers worked to clear the area near Borough Market as quickly as possible after reports of stabbings 'They had shields and were wearing masks and were running across the street shouting at one another.
We were then ordered to leave the restaurant by armed police - we were then escorted at running speed away from the area.' There are about 20 people being treated at the Andaz Hotel near Liverpool Street station.
We hid for 45minutes and then were evacuated from the market by armed police.' Several police officers have stormed a pub opposite the bridge and told people to 'get down' and sit on the floor.
There was a scattering of people.' Horrified bystanders ran down Borough High Street as police shouted at them to run Armed police are said to be at the scene while people have been seen fleeing the 'horrific scene' at the landmark in central London London Bridge station has been evacuated amid reports of the suspected terror attack Pictures of the white van will be circulated across London.
Witness Alessandro told the BBC that he saw a van at the end of London Bridge with no driver inside and described the 'five or six' people hit as 'very young'.
London Bridge and the area around it has been closed due to a 'major police incident', TFL said Witnesses told the BBC that a white van veered off the road on London Bridge and hit five or six people Another taxi driver named only as Paul said: 'I was just going over London Bridge and on the left hand side it looked like someone had been knocked off a bike.
Holly, who said she was just two metres away from being hit by a white van, described the chaos on London Bridge after the attack.
It looks potentially they could have been thrown over.' Witnesses told the BBC that a white van veered off the road on London Bridge and hit five or six people when the attack happened at 10pm.The military defeat of Isis in Mosul, combined with the likely loss of its de facto Syrian capital at Raqqa later this year, means that the movement will no longer control a quasi-state more powerful than many members of the UN.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP But Isis is not going to go entirely out of business and one should not underestimate its capacity to survive.
We are seeing the end of Isis in Iraq and Syria as a force powerful enough to threaten established governments in Baghdad and Damascus as it was capable of doing less than three years ago.London attack: police name 75-year-old victim and make two 'significant' arrests – live Read more He stabbed an unarmed police officer who later died from the injuries.
On Friday, police said a fourth victim, Leslie Rhodes, 75, from Clapham in south London, had died in hospital overnight.
The manager of the Brighton hotel where Masood stayed the night before the attack said he had laughed and joked with staff, told them about his family, and claimed he was in the south coast town to visit friends.Paying tribute to PC Palmer, Met Police deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said: "He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift - and he had every right to expect that would happen." Image:One of the attacker's knives could be seen as he was given treatment by paramedics Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served with PC Palmer in the Royal Artillery, described the officer as "a lovely man".Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Wes Streeting MP (@wesstreeting) @DonaldJTrumpJr You use a terrorist attack on our city to attack London's Mayor for your own political gain.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.Poilce Statement: This is a terrorist incident "Since 2.40 pm this afternoon the [Metropolitan Police Service] has responded to an incident in the area of Parliament Square.
We know there are a number of casualties, including police officers, but at this stage we cannot confirm numbers or the nature of these injuries ...Police name officer who died in Westminster terrorist attack which killed four people as PC Keith Palmer Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
A crashed car on Bridge Street by the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Emergency personnel close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Armed police were quickly on the scene and I heard them shouting to people to get out of the Yard.” Ambulances on Westminster Bridge, London after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
She said: “We literally just heard shots and then saw people running, and we went to have a look.” Emergency personnel close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
“It looked like they are taking her away.” Ambulances on Westminster Bridge, London after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Armed police at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Armed police at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood (centre) stands amongst the emergency services at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Picture: Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire People remain in pods on the London Eye after it was stopped, after a policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Picture: Jonathan Brady/PA Wire A Police dog and handler close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
Picture: Yui Mok/PA Wire A Police dog and handler close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.They then made their way to Parliament Square where they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.
Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago.
Khalid MasoodCredit: PA Security in the area has been noticeably more high profile since Khalid Masood killed four people by ramming them with his car on Westminster Bridge before stabbing to death Pc Keith Palmer just inside the grounds of Parliament on March 22.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.GETTY France was the target for the highest number of attacks or failed plots "But when you have an individual using these websites but not necessarily interacting they are evidently a lot harder to pick up on." Mr Geddes praised the work of the emergency services, saying they were "phenomenal".Ms Sturgeon, who stressed there is no specific terror threat on Scotland, said there is an increased police presence on Scotland’s streets and “that response does include a significant uplift in armed officers on duty”.In an interview with the BBC, Mrs Cochran described her husband as the love of her life, and said she does not feel “any ill will” towards Masood.
My parents had come to visit and were there waiting for me when I came out and I had asked them to find out what had happened to my husband.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The police officer had been celebrating a day of professional success when the attack unfolded, having just been presented with a commendation for his work as a police liaison officer.
“While I continue to grieve my husband Kurt and all the victims of that day, I strive to move ahead and focus on my recovery as well as honouring Kurt’s life by advocating love, forgiveness and peace.” The inquests into the five deaths will begin in September, followed by a separate jury inquest into the death of Masood, who was shot by police.
“We look forward to the inquest, when questions about how this atrocity was ever allowed to happen, will hopefully be answered.” “Most of all I will remember him as a family man who idolised his wife, daughter and his family; they’re the important ones that I think about a year on from the Westminster attack.” Senior officers are expected to attend a number of private memorial services on Thursday to mark the first anniversary of the atrocity, but the force has not made details public.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.Members of Ahmadiyya Muslim Association pay their respects in commemorative event marking last week's attack outside Parliament that killed four people, in Parliament Square, London, March 29, 2017AP/David Mirzoeff Zafir Malik, an imam from the association, said the group wanted to show the attack had nothing to do with Islam.Tobias Ellwood, the Conservative foreign minister, was praised as an "absolute hero" after he tried to save the life of a policeman stabbed in the Parliament attack.
I'm going to give him a very stiff drink." Ben Howlett, the Tory MP, tweeted: "Tobias Ellwood is an absolute hero for what he did to help the policeman this afternoon!" Tim Farron, the Liberal Democrat leader, said: "Today, Tobias gave MPs a good name.
He went above and beyond and did all he could to save a police officer." Jake Berry, the Tory MP for Rossendale and Darwen, said: "What an amazing and brave action from this former soldier.“I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances." But shocked Londoners used Twitter to ask why their Mayor had not responded to the attack earlier.The funeral of PC Keith Palmer, the police officer who was killed in the line of duty during the Westminster attack, takes place on Monday at London’s Southwark Cathedral.The Metropolitan police have been and continue to work tirelessly in providing their care and support during this very difficult time.” Police officers are among those expected to join together on Wednesday on Westminster Bridge to mark a week since the attack.
The Metropolitan Police Federation said the intention was to link hands across Westminster Bridge from the south to the north at the moment the attack began.
An inquest into the deaths of PC Keith Palmer, Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes opened at Westminster coroner’s court on Wednesday.At approximately 2:40pm yesterday, a single attacker drove his vehicle at speed into innocent pedestrians who were crossing Westminster Bridge, killing 2 people and injuring around 40 more.
I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
Hundreds of our police and security officers have been working through the night to establish everything possible about this attack – including its preparation, motivation and whether there were any associates involved in its planning.
As Acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.
On behalf of the whole country I want to pay tribute to them for the work they have been doing to reassure the public, treat the injured and bring security back to the streets of our capital city.Bloodied: Tobias Ellwood shortly after the attack (PA) Now, according to the Times, he has shared his "deep discomfort" with colleagues about a list of cost-saving options faced by the Ministry of Defence.
But Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson was said to be shocked by the "completely awful" headline proposals drawn up by military chiefs, according to a Times source.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Sebastian Coe and World Series of Boxing teams caught up in Westminster terrorist attack International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) President Sebastian Coe and members of the British Lionhearts and Italia Thunder boxing teams were among those caught up in a terrorist attack in Westminster here today, where five people have died and at least 40 injured.
Representatives from the two boxing squads were present at the launch of the second year of the British Lionhearts in the Community (BLITC) programme here, which finished just as the horrific incident was unfolding at around 2:40pm local time.
"Although at the time of the incident some of the #ItaliaThunder boxers were not far away, we want to reassure you that all are well." I can never unsee what I've just seen infront of my eyes at the House of Parliament in London ...
God be with the police officer Coe, a member of the House of Lords, and IAAF communications director Jackie Brock-Doyle were also visiting Westminster at the time of the incident.
A statement from GB Boxing confirmed none of the British Lionhearts team were hurt in the attack but that they "witnessed" part of the incident.
"GB Boxing can confirm that boxers and coaching staff from its British Lionhearts boxing team (who are due compete against Italia Thunder in the World Series of Boxing tomorrow night at York Hall) were at Westminster today and witnessed part of the attack at the Houses of Parliament," a statement read.An unidentified attacker drove a car over Westminster bridge, hitting several members of the public, including three police officers.“Whilst I have found no evidence of an association with IS or AQ, there is clearly an interest in Jihad.” Read more DAC Basu, an expert on counter-terrorism policing in the UK, added: “I know when, where and how Masood committed his atrocities, but now I need to know why.As the afternoon passed, it became seen not as the widely despised bastion of the political class, but a real place inhabited by office workers, tourists, security guards and groups of visiting schoolchildren.
But if people saw him today, they’d have seen a human being.- Three deaths confirmed Three people have died, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism police officer Mark Rowley announces in a news conference.
Seven people were arrested at six addresses following enquiries in London and Birmingham, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley tells journalists.
Rowley adds that police believe the attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism.An unidentified attacker drove a car over Westminster bridge, hitting several members of the public, including three police officers.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.As late as last November, the head of Britain’s domestic security agency, MI5, Andrew Parker, said unequivocally in an interview: “There will be terrorist attacks in this country.” Even though they had known it would happen one day, there was soul-searching at MI5 headquarters, Thames House, just a 10-minute walk from the events at Westminster.
Knowing that eventually someone would get through, Parker had a well-rehearsed plan in place and, as soon as word came through from the police that there had been an incident at Westminster, his teams began to swing into action and will be working through the night.
The numbing afternoon when I saw a police officer die outside parliament | John Crace “London is the greatest city in the world and we stand together in the face of those who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life,” the mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said earlier.We are humbled by his bravery.” Pc Palmer's funeral cortege, led by the Metropolitan Police Colour Party and a "Black Guard" of mounted officers, left the Palace of Westminster, where his coffin laid in rest overnight, on its 2.6 mile journey to the 2pm ceremony at Southwark Cathedral in central London.“We think we know who the attacker is,” Acting Deputy Commissioner & national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing Mark Rowley said but stated that they were not willing to divulge the assailant’s name at this time, though they did admit that it “Islamic terrorism is our assumption.” A/Dep Cmsr Rowley: "At this stage - but it may change - we believe approx 40 people were injured including three police officers." London Ambulance Service says it has treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge.
A spokesman for the Port of London Authority, which looks after safety on the river, said a female member of the public had been recovered from the water near Westminster bridge after she "fell" or "jumped" in.
"He was running through those gates, towards parliament, and the police were chasing him." Impossible to be sure from here, but judging by the lack of resuscitation efforts it doesn't look good for either police officer or attacker According to Doug Weeks, terrorism expert at London Metropolitan University, the attack, while softened by the high security presence in the area, could have been far bloodier.RIP.” She said her sister, Melissa Payne Cochran, was in hospital with a broken leg, rib and a cut to her head, but would recover.
A spokeswoman from the Greek embassy in London said a Greek couple had suffered minor injuries in the terror attack.
She will be deeply missed by all of us.” Frade had left the college and was walking over Westminster Bridge when she was killed.
It’s a tragedy … There are people here in the town hall who knew her and her family and they’re deeply affected.” La Voz de Galicia reported that Frade, who was married to a Portuguese man, had always lived in London but made frequent trips to Betanzos.
Photograph: Facebook Among the 29 people who were taken to hospital with injuries, some of which a doctor described as life-changing, was Cristea, who was in London with her boyfriend to celebrate his birthday.
Two teenage French students were on Wednesday night in a critical condition in hospital after being struck on the bridge.
The French president, François Hollande, said the parents of the three injured students were being flown to London.[U.K]–Not less than four people have lost their lives to the London Terrorist Attack that happened at Westminster today.
According to Daily Mail, three people and a terrorist are dead after an attacker brought carnage to central London today, mowing down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and hacking at police with knives in the grounds of the Houses of the Parliament.
Around 20 people have also been hit when a 4×4 drove along the pavement on the crowded bridge, knocking down and seriously injuring pedestrians before crashing into a fence below Big Ben. The killer, described by witnesses as ‘middle-aged and Asian’, then managed to break into the grounds of Parliament, where he fatally stabbed a police officer with two knives.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.Maybe people living in other parts of the country who had never been to New York City or held a dim view of it accepted Clinton’s announcement that the attack was merely the attack of a “criminal.” The next year, Omar Abdel-Rahman, who helped conceived the attack, was convicted of participation in a plot to blow up bridges, tunnels and landmarks around Manhattan.
But in the case of Muslim terrorists, they are a special class of criminal, butchering their victims openly in the name of their religion (“Allah Akbar!!”) but protected from prosecution for a religiously-motivated crime by politically-motivated civil rights laws.
Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack, Scotland Yard said.
That was the reasoning for the federal government attacking the Branch-Davidian Compound in Texas in 1993.
British civil authority gives this advice to Londoners in case of another such attack: Run. Hide."I am grateful for all their efforts." TIMELINE OF TERROR Lone wolf attacker mowed down crowds of pedestrians in 4x4 on Westminster Bridge He then crashed into gate outside Parliament before stabbing policeman PC Keith Palmer, 48, to death Armed cops put Westminster on lockdown as attack brought London to a standstill yesterday afternoon Four people died - including the attacker who was shot by police - and 29 are injured, including seven critical Eight people arrested today after six raids at addresses in London, Birmingham and elsewhere Cops believe they know the identity of the suspect who was inspired by Islamic terrorism The Hyundai used to carry out the attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham, according to Newsnight Hero MP Tobias Ellwood attempted to revive PC Palmer but husband and father could not be saved Theresa May condemned attack as 'sick and depraved' before holding emergency Cobra meeting MPs were locked in House of Commons for five hours PC Palmer, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad and former Bombardier in the Royal Artillery Army Reserve between '87-'01 , was killed as he tried to stop the attacker at about 2.30pm on Wednesday, while two members of the public were also fatally injured.Met Police has confirmed officers are dealing with a "firearms incident" outside the Houses of Parliament in Westminster and have told people to avoid Parliament Square; Whitehall; Westminster Bridge; Lambeth Bridge; Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
Speaking from an office in Parliament after more than four hours under lockdown, he told the Press Association: “The police do a brave and marvellous job protecting us from all sorts of dangers, not just in London but all over the country.
“The Palace of Westminster is the centre of our democracy and we must all ensure that it continues to serve our country and its people with safety and security.” 19:08 More pictures from scene emerge For more pictures from the scene of today’s terror attack that has resulted in the deaths of at least four people, see the story below: Video: four people dead including suspected attacker 18:11 The latest from Parliament Police have told hundreds of people being held in Westminster Hall they are being treated as “potential witnesses” and they should expect to be held there for 60 to 90 minutes.
18:01KEY EVENT Four people have died The Met police have confirmed four people have died, including the police officer and the man believed to be the attacker.
17:47 At least 10 people treated by ambulance crews at Westminster Bridge London Ambulance Service said it has treated at least 10 people following the terror attack.
London Ambulance Service Deputy Director of Operations Pauline Cranmer said: “We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident.
“We are doing everything to find out if French nationals have been involved.” 17:31 At least two fatalities after terror attack 17:25 Video from the scene Our reporter David Rivers took this video from Victoria Embankment, which shows the police cordon near Portcullis House and the Palace of Westminster.Four people including a police officer were killed and 40 injured when a knife-wielding terrorist brought horror to the gates of Westminster.
The attacker mowed victims down on Westminster Bridge before crashing his car into railings beneath Big Ben and rushing at police guarding parliament through an open gate.
Metropolitan Police Acting Deputy Commissioner and Head of Counter Terrorism Mark Rowley said: “This was a day we’ve planned for but hoped would never happen.
“He was running through those gates, towards Parliament, and the police were chasing him.” A policeman points a gun at a man on the floor at the top of the frame as emergency services attend the scene outside the Palace of Westminster.
Officers immediately began giving medical attention to both of the injured, with paramedics giving CPR.” Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: “There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.The four others who died in the attack were Keith Palmer, 48, the unarmed police officer; Kurt Cochran, 54, an American tourist who was traveling with his wife to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary; Aysha Frade, 43, a teacher who was on her way to pick up her two young daughters; and Leslie Rhodes, 75, a retired window cleaner from south London.In the aftermath of the attack on Thursday, Payne paid tribute to Kurt on Facebook: "Our hearts are broken this day as we say goodbye to our dear brother-in-law Kurt."One of those who died today was a police officer, Pc Keith Palmer, a member of our parliamentary and diplomatic protection command.The security forces acted swiftly and courageously to protect parliament and the public.
The police officer who later died of his injuries stopped the attacker at the gates off Parliament Square.
In 1979, the IRA murdered the senior Tory MP Airey Neave with a car bomb only yards from where today’s attack took place.The Islamic State group said through its Aamaq News Agency that the attacker was a soldier of the Islamic State who “carried out the operation in response to calls for targeting citizens of the coalition” of countries fighting IS in Syria and Iraq.
In addition to the police officer and the attacker, who was shot by police, two people died on Westminster Bridge and at least 30 others were injured, seven critically.
“It is in these actions – millions of acts of normality – that we find the best response to terrorism —a response that denies our enemies their victory, that refuses to let them win, that shows we will never give in.” Parliament began its moment of silence at 9:33 a.m., honoring the shoulder number of the murdered officer, Keith Palmer, a 15-year veteran of the Metropolitan Police and a former soldier.- WhatsApp 'horrified' by attack - WhatsApp said it was working with British authorities investigating the Westminster attack, but did not specify whether it would change its policy on encrypted messaging.Hundreds of officers are investigating the attack, and the investigation is working at a "very fast pace", Mr Rowley said.Four people have died, including a police officer, and at least 20 people have been injured in a major terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament, the Metropolitan police have confirmed.
Mark Rowley, the head of counter-terrorism at the Met, said a police officer had died after being stabbed by a lone attacker attempting to enter the House of Commons.
Rowley said at least 20 people, including three officers, were hurt in the attack on the bridge.
“The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
Play Video 0:17 Footage of car after crash into railings outside Parliament - video Immediately before the incident, at about 2.45pm, people were seen running from the direction of Westminster Bridge and around the corner into Parliament Square.
“Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.” The incident took place a year to the day after the terror attack on Brussels, which killed 32 people and left 320 injured.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Khalid Masood has been identified as the individual who drove at pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before crashing his hire car and stabbing to death Pc Keith Palmer at the gates to the Houses of Parliament.
An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament.
The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circled.Credit: PA It is understood that Masood went to jail for his offences, where there is a good chance he was radicalised.
There was no prior intelligence of his intent or of the plot." One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." Searches continued at the flat on Thursday after it emerged the killer's car had been hired nearby.
In a statement, Enterprise said: "We can confirm that the car used in the tragic attack in London was one of ours." The attacker's Hyundai 4x4 is seen just yards from the House of Commons after crashing into railings.
The South Korean Yonhap news agency said that five South Korean citizens were injured in the terror attack, including a 67-year-old woman who was in a serious condition.
Watch | Theresa May rushed into a car as London terror attack unfolds 00:31 What happened inside Parliament?Police arrested seven people as part of an investigation into the lone-wolf attacker who killed three people and injured 40 before being shot dead by police near parliament in London, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism officer said on Thursday.
The attacker sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, and then ran through the gates of the nearby British Parliament building and stabbed a policeman before being shot dead.
"The police and agencies that we rely on for our security have forestalled a large number of these attacks in recent years, over a dozen last year," said Defense Minister Michael Fallon.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images The suspected terrorist arrested in Westminster carrying knives is a one-time humanitarian activist who is now facing questions from police about whether he was about to stage a murderous attack in central London.
His arrest followed counter-terrorism investigators tracking him as he traveled through London and armed officers were laying in wait and swooped on him in an area full of high-profile buildings such as the House of Parliament and Downing Street.
Police also said that they had carried out two searches at addresses in London as part of their inquiries into Ali. His arrest at junction of Parliament Street and Parliament Square was just yards from where Khalid Masood first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and then used a knife to stab a police officer to death.(AP Photo/Matt Dunham) British police are combing through “massive amounts of computer data,” have searched more than 20 sites and have contacted thousands of witnesses in a vast operation to trace how a British man became radicalized and launched a deadly attack on Parliament, a senior official said Friday.
In a briefing outside Scotland Yard, London’s top counterterror officer, Mark Rowley, said more “significant” arrests had been made, bringing to 10 the number of people in custody over Wednesday’s attack, which killed four people and the assailant.
Given this attack was in the heart of the capital we also, of course, are dealing with statements from a wide range of nationalities.” Masood drove his car into crowds on Westminster Bridge before fatally stabbing a police officer on Parliament grounds.
The 52-year-old attacker was born in southeastern England and had most recently been living in Birmingham, where several properties have been searched by police.Westminster attack: 6 killed outside UK parliament Risingbd Desk: At least six people, including the attacker, were killed injured after a car ploughed into pedestrians and a man went on a stabbing spree before being shot dead close to the British parliament.Minutes earlier a black car had driven into pedestrians on a footpath on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into a railing outside parliament.
As details of the attacks spread around Westminster, Kinahan said that MPs and staff were “quietly stunned” by what had happened.
Inside Parliament, police were searching every room and office in the building.This Is How People Are Raising Money For The Families Of The Westminster Attack Victims "We decided that the best thing to do was to offer our support to the victims' families," Muddassar Ahmed, who set up a crowdfunding page for the families of the Westminster attack victims, told BuzzFeed News.
Muslims in London are raising money for the families of the Westminster attack victims, one of whom was a police officer.
“We were actually thinking of putting the target amount lower at £5,000," he said, "but now we’ve seen that the reaction has been overwhelmingly positive and I think we’ll absolutely smash our target." The Metropolitan Police Federation is also raising money for the slain police officer, Keith Palmer, who was stabbed to death while protecting parliament.Islamic State Claims Responsibility For Westminster Attack LONDON (AP) — The Islamic State group claimed responsibility Thursday for an attack by a man who plowed an SUV into pedestrians on a crowded London bridge and then stabbed a police officer to death on the grounds of Britain’s Parliament.
The attacker was born in Britain and known to authorities who had once investigated him for links to religious extremism, British Prime Minister Theresa May said Thursday in a sweeping speech in which she also encouraged Britons to go about their lives.
In addition to the police officer and the attacker, who was shot by police, two people died on Westminster Bridge and at least 30 others were injured, seven critically.Salih Khater is being grilled by terror cops after a automotive sped via lights smashing down cyclists earlier than crashing into limitations outdoors Parliament yesterday.
That is what we all know to date… A silver Ford Fiesta crashed into anti-terror obstacles outdoors the Homes of Parliament at 7.37am mowing down pedestrians and cyclists Three individuals have been harm – together with a man and a lady who have been taken to hospital with non life-threatening accidents who’ve since been discharged The 29-year-old driver, named by locals as Brit nationwide Salih Khater, initially from Sudan, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences and tried homicide The suspect left Birmingham late on Monday night time and drove round London for a number of hours earlier than the rampage Terror cops have carried out raids at two addresses in Birmingham, together with the suspect’s house, and one in Nottingham as a part of their investigation Specialists are investigating whether or not it was a copycat of the earlier Westminster attack in March final yr Additional cops will now be stationed at key transport hubs throughout the nation Theresa Might praised medics and police for his or her fast response to the “attack” Second suspect drives a automotive into a Parliament barrier in Westminister Sky Information The fear suspect has been named by locals as British nationwide Salih Khater, 29, pictured being arrested by cops outdoors Parliament Regardless of the claims, police are nonetheless holding the person underneath the Terrorist Act after the chilling incident, which senior cops yesterday stated “appeared deliberate.” Police additionally added Khater was not co-operating with officers throughout questioning, as they investigated the suspected terror attack.
It was revealed by cops he had left the West Midlands late on Monday night time and spent hours stalking the streets of central London earlier than mowing down 15 cyclists and making an attempt to ram his method into Parliament at 50mph.
“He’s a excellent man and he has no concept about terrorism.” He defined Khater had moved from his household – together with two brothers and three sisters – in Sudan round 5 years in the past.
That is the second a automotive careered throughout Westminster earlier than mowing down pedestrians and smashing into barrier at 50mph throughout a ‘terror’ rampage @SnapperSK Terror suspect Salih Khater had been believed to reside above this web cafe in Sparkhill, Birmingham Nervous friends had requested about his well-being on Fb in 2011 after he went silent.
Cops have been in the present day search a flat on this tower block in Birmingham Police entered this tower block in Birmingham final night time He had been dwelling above an web cafe in Sparkhill till round 4 months in the past, which is ten minutes from the previous residence of Westminster Bridge attacker Khalid Masood.
The silver Ford Fiesta crashed into a barrier close to Parliament ITV A 29-year-old man, ho has been named by locals as Salih Khater, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Fb Khater, 29, is claimed to have pushed down from Birmingham to London late on Monday night time A person and a lady have been taken to hospital with critical however non-life threatening accidents and have since been discharged, whereas one other man was handled on the scene.
He is not currently cooperating.” He stated the driving force was not recognized to counter-terror police, however he added: “Given this appears to be a deliberate act, the method and this being an iconic site, we are treating it as a terrorist incident.” Chilling CCTV noticed the Fiesta on the one-way system at Parliament Sq. earlier than all of the sudden lurching left on to the incorrect aspect of the street.
Chaos on the scene of the crash in Westminster after a Ford Fiesta rammed into pedestrians and cyclists Smoke billows from the bonnet of the Fiesta after it crashed into anti-terror obstacles IBIZA DEATH PLUNGE PUSHING BACK ‘LAZY B***H’ Vile word left on mum’s automotive whereas terminally sick son was handled in hospital The attack sparked reminiscences of the terrorist atrocity in March 2017 by which Khalid Masood, 52, killed 5 in Westminster, together with PC Keith Palmer.One man told me that he saw the car drive off with a man still under the car.' One woman who did not want to be named told MailOnline how she was in the queue for the pub when the driver ploughed off the road and 'knocked people over like dominoes'.
I'm still in complete shock.' One woman who did not want to be named told MailOnline how she was in the queue for the pub when the driver ploughed off the road Ambulances and police cars raced to the scene outside the Old Queen's Head pub in north London Panic: Passers-by attend an injured pedestrian on Essex road after the horrifying collision A Scotland Yard spokesman said: 'Three people - two males and one female - were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.The unarmed police officer who was killed trying to stop the terror attack on the British Parliament on Wednesday has been identified as 48-year-old Keith Palmer, the Guardian reported.Photo by Hugo Philpott/UPI | License Photo March 27 (UPI) -- British Home Secretary Amber Rudd said there should be "no place for terrorists to hide" as she suggested intelligence services have access to encrypted messaging services such as WhatsApp. Rudd's call for access to encrypted services follows last week's attack in Westminster by Khalid Masood, who died after killed four people near the Houses of Parliament.Paying tribute to PC Palmer, Met Police deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said: "He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift - and he had every right to expect that would happen." Image:One of the attacker's knives could be seen as he was given treatment by paramedics Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served with PC Palmer in the Royal Artillery, described the officer as "a lovely man".The driver then ran to the palace gates, where he stabbed a police officer several times.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The press offices at Westminster run all along the top floor of the palace, from Big Ben then around to Westminster Hall, directly overlooking what was clearly an incident of immense seriousness.
From office windows over Westminster Bridge, people had watched it mount the pavement and leave a trail of casualties in its wake, before twisting through ninety degrees and crashing into the barriers of the parliamentary estate.
Its driver had escaped, running past tourists on the packed pavement, a knife in his hand, and round to the front gate where police officers wait to let ministers and their ministerial cars in and out.
The Palace of Westminster is like any large office with thousands of staff.
The scene where the police officer died outside Parliament (PA) A second wave of panic swept the building twenty minutes later, spread by what turned out to be the loud shouts of Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officers in their blue/grey uniforms, moving through every courtyard and corridor of the vast building.Isis has been known to call for attacks from individuals, and with good reason: western intelligence services and communications interception make it increasingly difficult for terrorists to work in groups.
The disrupted Isis attack to kill a poppy seller on Remembrance Day, like the killing of off-duty drummer Lee Rigby before it, is the sort of softer high-profile attack that radical extremists would have their lone wolves carry out.
As the BBC’s home affairs correspondent Dominic Casciani has said: “The days when terrorism meant large, complex bombs and months of planning are gone: western security agencies - particularly MI5 and its partner agencies - are very, very good at identifying those plots and disrupting them.” For the pain and upset that the Westminster attack has caused, it is important to maintain a sense of perspective.Outside, on the street immediately below Big Ben and on Westminster Bridge, the pavements were packed as usual with tourists and pedestrians.
According to multiple witnesses, however, shortly after 2.30pm a car travelled at speed across Westminster Bridge in the direction of parliament, mounting the pavement and careering into pedestrians.
Having careered to the eastern end of the bridge, immediately beneath Big Ben, the car, a dark grey Hyundai i40, sharply crossed the cycle lane and mounted the pavement again, before crashing into the black railings that enclose the parliament complex, striking at least one other person.
Alan Parry, of Sky Sports News, was just outside Westminster underground station, immediately opposite the scene, when he heard “an almighty crash” and saw the crashed car.
She did not see what happened to the driver of the vehicle, but police later confirmed that it was this man – not, as was initially feared, an accomplice – who seconds later dashed on foot through the gates of the parliamentary complex.
Play Video 0:22 People flee parliament as gunshots ring out – video What happened next was witnessed by a number of parliamentary journalists, whose offices immediately overlook New Palace Yard, the cobbled square through which many MPs and peers drive each day to access parliament’s underground carpark.
Labour MP Mary Creagh said she and other colleagues were on their way to vote, making their way from Portcullis House, where many MPs have their offices, through the underground walkway beneath Westminster Bridge that opens directly into New Palace Yard.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.An army veteran who was among the first responders to the stabbing of PC Keith Palmer told the Guardian he had no second thoughts about rushing to the scene of the terror attack.
Croft, who left the army last year, said: “The unity and the teamwork showed by the police officers who were on the scene immediately, the other people who rushed to the scene initially and later, and the helicopter team, was heroic.
Radicalism should be stamped on.” Josh Halliday (@JoshHalliday) "It's a horrible, horrible state of affairs" - Danny Standring, who served in same military unit as murdered PC Keith Palmer pic.twitter.com/2vHbAba1qs Standing next to him, Hemmy Spiggott, a former royal military police officer, said: “It would be good to see everyone from all communities say we’re not having it.UPDATE: 12:23 p.m. EDT — A doctor with St. Thomas' Hospital in London told the Press Association Wednesday that one woman had died and others had "catastrophic" injuries after a shooting at the Parliament building and car ran a group of people over on the Westminster Bridge.
We thank the public for their assistance." UPDATE: 11:35 a.m. EDT — As the world waited for details on what happened near the Parliament building in London, where a man was shot by police Wednesday, several people on social media linked the incident to a 2016 terror attack.
The Metropolitan Police tweeted that it was "treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." UPDATE: 11:23 a.m. EDT — The leader of the House of Commons told members of Parliament Wednesday in London that he had limited information on a reported shooting but there was a "serious incident," the Guardian reported.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.Westminster attack latest: Five dead in London terror incident – everything we know so far Video captured by a tourist shows the moment police opened fire outside parliament Westminster attack latest: Five dead in London terror incident – everything we know so far Terror returned to the streets of London on Wednesday when a black-clad assailant, armed with two long knives, drove his car through a crowd of people on Westminster Bridge before stabbing a police officer to death on the grounds of Parliament.
Police said the attacker, who is believed to have acted alone, mounted the pavement of the bridge and mowed down more than a dozen tourists, local workers and police officers before crashing into the Parliament railings.
Metropolitan Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said the attack had been declared a terrorist incident, and Theresa May was due to chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later today.
A man believed to be a suspect in the attack is treated by paramedics (PA) An armed officer stands with his foot on a knife, as medics provide assistance Paramedics treat an injured person on the pavement outside the Houses of Parliament Tobias Ellwood MP, a foreign minister, was one of the first to arrive on the scene and provided first aid to the police officer, who has not been named while the force offers support to his family.
Values that will never be destroyed." Speaking to reporters outside St Thomas’s Hospital, which is situated immediately at the southern end of Westminster Bridge, junior doctor Colleen Anderson confirmed the first fatality of the attack, a female pedestrian who had been crossing the Thames at the time.
Westminster's press offices occupy the top floor of the palace along from Big Ben and round to Westminster Hall, right over the courtyard where some thought the car smashing into railings sounded like an explosion, and seconds later gunshots were heard.
"We would also like to express our gratitude to the police and all emergency services." In pictures: Westminster attack In pictures: Westminster attack 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Reactions to the attack have come from governments and leaders around the world.The IndependentA police officer has been stabbed and at least one man has been shot in a "serious" incident outside the Houses of Parliament.I think it hit him on his side and he went over the bonnet.” Mrs Frain, a teacher, said another group of students from the college where she works were also in London when she heard the news.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Mrs Frain is travelling to London to be with her son.Police trained their guns on a house in Birmingham yesterday in a raid thought to be linked to the Westminster terror attack A total of 11 have been arrested as part of the inquiry but Scotland Yard said only four remain in custody - two men aged 27 and 58 who were arrested in Birmingham on Thursday and a 32-year-old woman and a 35-year-old man who were arrested in Manchester on Friday.
Neighbours say armed police were at the scene for more than an hour yesterday morning Neighbours say a man who lives in the area was arrested and a BMW car seized A neighbour who took the pictures of the armed officer during the raid in Birmingham said: 'I went to my window and there three cops with guns running up to the back window.
'I had no idea what the hell was going on and now people are saying it's something to do with the attack in London.' A number of local residents said they believe a man from Saudi Arabia lived at the house in the Winson Green area with his wife and children.
Police confirmed a 34-year-old man was arrested in a mews road in the affluent West Didsbury suburb of Manchester in the early hours of this morning.
They have now arrested 11 people, with one woman released on bail Police outside a property which was raided in Winson Green, Birmingham yesterday An arrest was also made in West Didsbury, Greater Manchester overnight following a raid Masood, 52, killed 75-year-old Londoner Leslie Rhodes, US tourist Kurt Cochran, 54, and mother-of-two Aysha Frade, 43, as he ploughed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.
They remained at the scene today Mrs Elms gave birth to him when she was a 17-year-old living in Dartford, Kent The movements of Khalid Masood 1964 - Born Adrian Elms on Christmas Day in Dartford, Kent and takes the name Adrian Russell Ajao.
He used to come back from work at about five or six.' Masood was registered to two addresses in Luton in 2010 and 2011 and was recorded as living in Forest Gate, east London, last year.
I occasionally saw him, I just assumed he was working all day.' A number of addresses in Birmingham have been searched, including a flat above a takeaway A police van remained outside a flat above a takeaway, in Hagley Road, Birmingham yesterday A neighbour in London, who asked not to be named, told the Press Association: 'This guy is a local guy.
Police yesterday searched a three-storey townhouse in the Winson Green area of Birmingham and neighbours said Masood had been seen there last year.
Iwona Romek, speaking in Winson Green, Birmingham said she could not believe it when she realised the man who had lived near her was the same person responsible for the attack.
One of the other properties raided was a flat in this building in the Winson Green area of Birmingham, where neighbours claimed Masood lived with a woman and a young child It is thought he also stayed at a flat above a restaurant in the Birmingham's Hagley Road, which was raided on Wednesday night.
A neighbour says he believes the man who carried out the attack in London yesterday lives in the flat above the takeaway The flat in Hagley Road is one of six properties raided around the country, with armed officers storming the flat before detectives moved in Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to 'go left'.
Police are on high alert after the terror attack in London on Wednesday which claimed the lives of three victims Lucas Camoes, a 23-year-old warehouse worker, said: 'It's a very calm area.
These pictures are understood to show the inside of the flat which was raided by police before it was let out Neighbours said lots of people moved in and out of the building and the area and were uncertain over who lived there He was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences dating back to 1983 - but none for terrorism offences.
Pictured: A screen-grab of Khalid Masood's WhatsApp profile taken on Thursday by MailOnline shows the attacker was active in the app on his iPhone moments before he ploughed into innocent people on Westminster Bridge Masood had never been convicted of terror offences, although Theresa May revealed he was on MI5's radar a number of years ago.
Pictured: A police officer stands on guard near the house of Janet Ajao in Trelech, where she is currently being given support by a family liaison officer Just under two years later the young mother, known then as Janet Elms, married Phillip Ajao and had two more sons, Paul and Alex.
Police officers on guard near the home of Khalid Masood's mother in the village of Trelech, Carmarthenshire, Wales Pictured: Officers near the home of Masood's mother, Janet Elms, who gave birth to him when she was a 17-year-old living in Dartford, Kent Police said she told them she did not want them at the address and 'just wants to be left alone.' The mother-of-three was spotted looking outside her window and opening her door while police were concluding their investigation.They then made their way to Parliament Square where they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.
Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago.
Khalid MasoodCredit: PA Security in the area has been noticeably more high profile since Khalid Masood killed four people by ramming them with his car on Westminster Bridge before stabbing to death Pc Keith Palmer just inside the grounds of Parliament on March 22.——————- UPDATE ——————- 7:11PM EST 3/22/2017 a 5th person has been confirmed dead now in this terrorist attack reports Fox News.In it, Masood reportedly said he was waging jihad in revenge for Western military action in Muslim countries of the Middle East.[1] He had written a document named "Jihad in the Quran and Sunnah", with his photograph on the front page and multiple extracts from the Quran that could be seen as supportive of jihad and martyrdom.[57] He sent this document to numerous contacts a few minutes before the attack.[57] Some early reports gave descriptions of two supposed attackers, one described as a "bald white man" and another as a "black man with goatee beard".[17] On the morning after the attack, however, Mark Rowley, the Metropolitan Police's Assistant Commissioner for Specialist Operations, stated that the police believed the attacker acted alone.[70]Abu Izzadeen was also erroneously identified as the attacker on social media, Channel 4 News and The Independent shortly after the attack, although Izzadeen was actually in prison at the time.[82] In April 2017, OFCOM announced an investigation into the Channel 4 News naming of Izzadeen.[83] Police and media outside the Hagley Road premises that were raided on 22 March, seen on the morning following the raid At 23:00 on 22 March, West Midlands Police raided a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham.
to deliver a simple message: We are not afraid and our resolve will never waver in the face of terrorism."[93][74] In a later statement following the June 2017 London attack, May stated that all three recent attacks were "bound together by the single evil ideology of Islamic extremism".[94] The Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, the Leader of the Opposition, described the attack as "an appalling atrocity".[93][74] The speakers of both Houses of Parliament jointly offered sympathy to those affected, and thanked the emergency services.[95] The Scottish Parliament suspended the day's proceedings, including a debate on a second independence referendum.[96] Some MSPs who opposed the decision to suspend parliament said that doing so was "giving in to terrorism".[97] The Metropolitan Police honoured PC Palmer by retiring his shoulder number 4157U; Charlton Athletic F.C. announced that his season ticket seat at the Valley would not be occupied at the club's next home game, but would instead have a club scarf placed over it as a mark of respect.[102] A JustGiving fund was set up, with the target of raising £100,000 for his family, a goal attained in less than 24 hours.[66] A group called "Muslims United for London" also raised over £29,000 to support victims and victims' families, releasing a statement saying, "The British Muslim community stands with the community during these difficult times".[103][104][105] Home Secretary Amber Rudd announced that PC Palmer would be remembered at the National Memorial Arboretum's UK Police Memorial in Staffordshire.[106] On 26 March, in an event organised by Women's March on London, roughly 100 women, including many Muslims, joined hands to form a chain along Westminster Bridge and stood in silence for five minutes to pay tribute to the victims of the attack.[109][110][111] Amber Rudd appeared on BBC's The Andrew Marr Show to call for government backdoor access to encrypted messaging services like WhatsApp, which Masood used to send a message shortly before the attack.The four others who died in the attack were Keith Palmer, 48, the unarmed police officer; Kurt Cochran, 54, an American tourist who was traveling with his wife to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary; Aysha Frade, 43, a teacher who was on her way to pick up her two young daughters; and Leslie Rhodes, 75, a retired window cleaner from south London.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended Early reports indicate a car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the gates of Westminster just around the corner.Westminster terror attack: the aftermath As the nation comes to terms with what happened, the police continue to work tirelessly to find out how this could have happened 1 / 20 Getty Images An armed police office stands guard in Whitehall “He was a psychopath and I mean that in the very medical definition of the word” Relative “He was a loner, but the friends he had were basically criminals.” The relative added: “She was terrified, he was a dangerous man.
PA SECOND HOME: Masood was also registered as living in this West Ham flat Terror in the HEART of London: the Westminster attack as it happened The attack in Westminster has left four people dead and up to 20 injured after a man drove his vehicle into pedestrians, then ran into the grounds of the Houses of Parliament before being shot by police 1 / 55 PA The alleged attacker, with the suspected weapons used in the attack highlighted in red “How could someone do something like that?Wednesday 22 March 2017 15.39 EDT First published on Wednesday 22 March 2017 11.16 EDT Five people have died, including a police officer, and at least 20 people have been injured in a major terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament, the Metropolitan police have confirmed.
Mark Rowley, the head of counter-terrorism at the Met, said a police officer had died after being stabbed by a lone attacker attempting to enter the House of Commons.
Rowley said at least 20 people, including three officers, were hurt in the attack on the bridge.
“The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
Play Video Footage of car after crash into railings outside Parliament - video Immediately before the incident, at about 2.45pm, people were seen running from the direction of Westminster Bridge and around the corner into Parliament Square.
“Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.” The incident took place a year to the day after the terror attack on Brussels, which killed 32 people and left 320 injured.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant."Most of all I will remember him as a family man who idolised his wife, daughter and his family; they're the important ones that I think about a year on from the Westminster attack." UK news in pictures UK news in pictures 1/50 Car manufacturer BMW announced on September 18, 2018, that its Mini factory in the UK would close for its annual summer maintenance several weeks earlier than planned, starting on April 1, 2019, to avoid any disruption in case of a no-deal Brexit.
Lucy disappeared from her Southampton home last Wednesday and her body was later found in woodland near Southampton Sports Centre at 7.45am on Thursday PA 1/50 Car manufacturer BMW announced on September 18, 2018, that its Mini factory in the UK would close for its annual summer maintenance several weeks earlier than planned, starting on April 1, 2019, to avoid any disruption in case of a no-deal Brexit.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
He completed the race in under an hour Getty/Nike 11/50 8 September 2018 Britain's former foreign secretary Boris Johnson sits in the stands during play on the second day of the fifth Test cricket match between England and India at The Oval in London AFP/Getty 12/50 7 September 2018 The poppy sculpture Wave by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper at IWM North, The Quays, Manchester.
Our Future, Our Choice (OFOC) Pro EU campaign group wants get its message to the public surrounding the predicted costs of Britain's "No Deal Hard Brexit", exit from the European Union AP 29/50 21 August 2018 Families enjoy rides on the dodgems during an Eid in the Park celebration marking Eid Al-Adha at the New River Sports ground in Wood Green, London.
Our Future, Our Choice (OFOC) Pro EU campaign group wants get its message to the public surrounding the predicted costs of Britain's "No Deal Hard Brexit", exit from the European Union AP 29/50 21 August 2018 Families enjoy rides on the dodgems during an Eid in the Park celebration marking Eid Al-Adha at the New River Sports ground in Wood Green, London.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.London Terror Attack On Westminster Bridge Five people have died and dozens were injured in a terrorist attack outside the Houses of Parliament in London including a police officer and the attacker.
In the aftermath of the attack, London has been doubled the number of armed police and increased the number of unarmed officers.The terrorist chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy and freedom of speech." Media captionFootage shows the moment a car sped down Westminster Bridge and a woman fell into the River Thames Earlier, Mr Rowley, said a major investigation was under way into the "marauding terrorist attack".
He said emergency services were called at 14.40 GMT after the car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of members of the public and the three police officers, who were on their way back from a commendation ceremony.In Britain MPs to return to Westminster after attack The attack began on Westminster Bridge in the shadow of Big Ben, a towering landmark that draws tourists by the millions (AFP) news British MPs were preparing to return to parliament on Thursday after a lightning attack attributed by police to "Islamist-related terrorism", which saw four people killed and 40 wounded.This is where "lone wolf" terrorists, who usually operate outside of a command and control pattern, become immensely difficult to stop: The more sophisticated and preplanned the plot, the more likely security services can detect, deter and disrupt.
Security services simply cannot prevent these in all cases.Keith Palmer, 48, was stabbed to death outside Parliament by the attacker who brought carnage to London yesterday, mowing down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, killing three and injuring around 40 more.
A Hyundai 4x4 drove along the pavement on the crowded bridge, knocking down the public before crashing into a fence below Big Ben. The killer, described by witnesses as 'middle-aged and Asian', then managed to break into the grounds of Parliament, where he fatally stabbed Mr Palmer - who had 15 years service with the police - with two knives.
The attacker - who was shot at least twice by armed officers guarding the building - died after he was taken to hospital while married husband and father Mr Palmer - a former soldier in the Royal Artillery - died at the scene.
Scroll down for videos Police officer Keith Palmer was killed by a knifeman before the attacker was shot by other officers outside Parliament.
Emergency services desperately tried to save him, pictured, but he succumbed to his wounds Mr Palmer, 48, pictured, was a husband and father and said to have served with the Met Police for 15 years MP James Cleverly said he had known PC Palmer for 25 years after previously serving in the Royal Artillery with him, describing him as a 'lovely man and friend' The suspected terrorist, pictured on a stretcher, is also dead, along with three pedestrians killed when the attacker drove a 4x4 across Westminster Bridge, ploughing down and seriously injuring at least 20.
He killed four people Two knives lay on the cobbles in front of Parliament after the attacker was shot by armed police protecting the building PC Palmer was a member of the Parliamentary Diplomatic Protection Command and had served on the force for 15 years.
'My heart goes out to his family, friends and colleagues.' People on social media were quick to pay tribute to PC Palmer tonight, praising his bravery and service to the public Others called the officer - who is a father and husband - a 'fallen hero' and vowed London was 'not afraid' of terrorism London Mayor Sadiq Khan said PC Palmer was killed 'protecting our city and our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life' Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served alongside Keith Palmer in the army, said he was ‘heartbroken’ and paid tribute to his friend.
This was the scene in the immediate aftermath of the attack, after the attacker entered the grounds of Parliament A patient believed to be the woman who plunged into the River Thames during the horrific terror attack is pictured here being treated in Westminster There were disturbing scenes on Westminster Bridge where at least 40 pedestrians were hurt after being knocked down by the car Members of the public rushed to help a man run down after the vehicle mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge Another woman was severely injured at a postcard stall opposite Big Ben following the horrific terror attack HOW TODAY'S EVENTS UNFOLDED 2.40pm: An attacker mows down several pedestrians as he drives a Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster and stabbing a police officer 2.41pm: Metropolitan Police and London Ambulance Service are called to a major incident 3.35pm: Police say the attack is being treated ‘as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise’ 4.10pm: Junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital says one woman has died and a number of others have been hurt - including some with ‘catastrophic’ injuries 4.45pm: Paramedics confirm they have treated at least ten patients on Westminster Bridge 4.49pm: Police Commander BJ Harrington says there were ‘a number of casualties’ in the attack ‘including police officers’.
4.51pm: Downing Street spokesman says Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later 5.40pm: Sources reveal the police officer stabbed at Parliament has died 6.01pm: Police say four people were killed in the attack, including the police officer and a man believed to be the attacker 6.56pm: Home Secretary Amber Rudd says the Government's top priority following the attack is ‘the security of its people’ It is currently known that: One woman was killed on Westminster Bridge after a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a car.
The attacker jumped out the car and fatally stabbed police officer Keith Palmer in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster.
A vehicle was seen on social media to have crashed into the fence of the palace At least two pedestrians were hurt near where the Hyundai crashed and were helped by police at the scene A man is thought to have jumped or been knocked from Westminster Bridge and lay with terrible injuries next to the Thames This was the scene on Embankment last night after the man either fell or was knocked from the bridge during the attack Pat McCormack, 21, from Washington in Tyne-on-Wear added: 'I saw him stabbing the officer in the back of the head and the back of the neck.
But, having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
Speaking outside 10 Downing Street, Mrs May, pictured, also praised the work of the police and security services in their response to the London terror attack 'That is why it is a target for those who reject those values.
And never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart.' Extra armed police will be on the streets of the capital following the attack in Westminster, Sadiq Khan said as he vowed that 'Londoners will never be cowed by terrorism'.
The London Mayor said his thoughts were with the family of the Metropolitan Police officer who died 'doing his duty protecting our city'.
A woman leans down on Westminster Bridge to help another woman who was injured in this afternoon's attack in London Pieces of a car's undercarriage lay scattered on the pavement of Westminster Bridge as the public went to the aid of victims Westminster bridge was strewn with injured people who were treated on the road or carried to St Thomas' Hospital A pedestrian lies stricken on Westminster Bridge after reports a car knocked down people near the Houses Parliament 'London is the greatest city in the world and we stand together in the face of those who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life.
'I want to express my gratitude on behalf of all Londoners to the police and emergency services who have shown tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances.' An injured victim walks from the scene on Westminster Bridge where around 40 people were reported knocked down A woman was either knocked, jumped or fell in the River Thames during the attack but was rescued by boat crews French media are reporting that three French students were injured when the car ploughed into walkers on Westminster Bridge.
An aerial view of Westminster Bridge shows ambulance crews treating those who were mowed down by the attacker An aerial view of the scene shows the scene where victims inside Parliament were being treated A view from the opposite angle shows where the policeman was attacked in the shadow of Big Ben this afternoon An announcement made in Parliament said there was a suspicious package in a vehicle and the bomb squad had been called The attacker mowed down several pedestrians as he drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge Around three shots rang out as the attacker ran through the gates into the front yard of the parliamentary compound.
'We would also like to express our gratitude to the police and all emergency services.' After the incident, Radoslaw Sikorski posted a video to Twitter purporting to show people lying injured in the road on Westminster Bridge.
An armed policeman is seen inside the Central Lobby in Parliament as they continue to patrol the area following the attack Students who were visiting Parliament were held in a safe room as the incident unfolded outside the building Staff gathered in Westminster Hall during a lockdown after members of the public were told to avoid the area MPs were seen gathered in Central Lobby during a lockdown in Parliament yesterday as terror took over Westminster The dramatic incident comes weeks after it was revealed that UK security services have foiled 13 potential attacks in less than four years, while counter-terrorism units are running more than 500 investigations at any time.
Either he or another attacker then burst through Old Palace Yard at the Houses of Parliament where a police officer was stabbed.
Witnesses said Mr Ellwood rushed to help the officer after he collapsed to the ground following the stabbing He was later pictured with bloodied hands talking to police following his heroic actions Mr Ellwood's brother Jonathan, who worker at the International School Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, was killed in the 2002 Bali bombings by a Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah.
Eyewitnesses described scenes of terror when gunfire rang out as the attacker approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
He is pictured here with mother Caroline, right, at a 10 year memorial service in 2012 Commander BJ Harrington of the Metropolitan Police said there were 'a number of casualties' in the attack 'including police officers'.
Westminster police bundled Theresa May into a car and rushed her away from Parliament as terror attack unfolded Prime Minister Theresa May was rushed out of Parliament as it came under terrorist attack by a man wielding two seven-inch knives after murdering police and pedestrians.
Prime Minister Theresa May, pictured, was rushed out of Parliament as it came under terrorist attack yesterday MailOnline political editor James Tapsfield described hearing the 'bang' of the car smashing into the fence after its Westminster Bridge rampage and then the gunfire that followed when the terrorist was shot dead below his office.
People running like crazy.' Fellow Tory Michael Fabricant described a similar scene, saying: 'I was walking briskly to a vote when crowds of MPs rushed towards me saying that shots have been fired and shouts of 'get back'.' Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron tweeted shortly after news of the incident broke: 'Currently with a shell-shocked group of MPs at New Scotland Yard having been evacuated following the attack.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas tweeted: 'Locked in Commons with fellow MPs. Thoughts with innocent people hurt today and thanks as ever to Police & other staff working so hard here.' Labour's David Lammy wrote: 'Locked in the Commons Chamber but my heart goes out to the police officers, those hit by the car on the bridge and their families.
THEY WILL NOT DIVIDE US: HUSBAND OF MURDERED MP JO COX SPEAKS OUT ON PARLIAMENT 'TERROR ATTACK' Jo Cox MP (pictured at Parliament) was shot and stabbed outside a constituency surgery meeting last year by Thomas Mair The husband of murdered MP Jo Cox tweeted this afternoon that terrorists would not win - following a suspected terror attack at the Houses of Parliament.
As many as 1,500 extra policemen and women were drafted into the capital in the aftermath of 9/11 in a bid to shore up security at London's major attractions London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off streets of capital as they issue list of NO GO AREAS following Parliament terror attack Londoners have been warned to stay off the streets after one of the capital's busiest areas was placed one lockdown today after a police officer and at least three more people were killed in an attack on the Palace of Westminster.
Police asked people to avoid Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube Policewere out in force in Parliament Square (pictured), while they conducted searches of the surrounding area to make sure it was safe Parliament Square, usually packed with tourists coming to look at one of the nation's oldest and most iconic buildings.
People across London can expect to see armed officers at Tube stations and other significant areas as security services remain on high alert Usually rammed with cars ambling along the road, nose-to-bumper, this road in central London was closed to traffic and police offers appearing to be making their way home after a busy shift walk across the empty street He urged people in London to stay away from the area - usually populated by thousands of tourists visiting some of Britain's most iconic architecture - as police continue to investigate.
Turmoil: 20 people have been ploughed into by the car by the terrorist who was shot dead in the courtyard of Parliament 'I did not see him coming over the bridge but I saw everybody laying on the bridge, not moving.' Mr Adamou, who lives in central London, said he believed at least one woman had jumped into the Thames to escape.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.After crashing into Parliament's railings, he then rushed the gates and stabbed a Met police officer being being shot dead.
One victim of the car attack was left floating face down in the Thames but was pulled from the river alive and the bridge above was strewn with the victims of the terror hit and run.
Timeline: How terror came to Westminster 2.40pm: An attacker mows down several pedestrians as he drives a Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster and stabbing a police officer 2.41pm: Metropolitan Police and London Ambulance Service are called to a major incident 3.35pm: Police say the attack is being treated 'as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise' 4.10pm: Junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital says one woman has died and a number of others have been hurt - including some with 'catastrophic' injuries 4.45pm: Paramedics confirm they have treated at least ten patients on Westminster Bridge 4.49pm: Police Commander BJ Harrington says there were 'a number of casualties' in the attack 'including police officers'.
He said: 'As I turned left out of Whitehall, so turning left to go over the bridge, I saw a car knock two people over.
'When I was getting everybody off the bus, because they made us leave the bus on the bridge, I heard one guy come running behind me shouting his wife had jumped into the river to avoid getting knocked down.' Witness Rob Lyon, 34, from Rugby, who works in marketing, said: 'I heard a wheel definitely hit a kerb and quite a large crunch noise, I looked up and saw a car clearly hitting people as it came towards me.
Some were unconscious, some regained consciousness.' Stage one: Terrified witnesses today described watching a terrorist using a 4x4 as a weapon sending pedestrians flying like skittles including one victim who was thrown from Westminster Bridge (pictured) Stage 2: The killer driver was seen speeding along Westminster Bridge mounting the pavement and running down 20 or more people Stage three: The attacker sent victims flying like skittles including one who was thrown into the river but was pulled out alive Stage four: The terrorist crashed into more people next to Parliament including pedestrians and a cyclist Stage five: The killer ran from the driving seat, around the corner and then towards the main gates used by cars Stage six: He ran through the gates on the left and side of the picture and chasing into the yard where MPs are picked up and stabbed a policeman with a seven inch knife Stage seven: A police officer shot the terrorist (pictured top left) from around 10 yards and then twice more and the stabbed officer was treated at scene (bottom right) Steve Voake, 55, was walking across the Westminster Bridge towards the South Bank when he saw the aftermath.
Then I saw people on the ground, I think they had been stabbed.' A Romanian couple on holiday are also thought to be among the injured.
'There was a lot of shouting going on...and a lot of police presence coming from everywhere.' American tourist Bradford Buck added: 'A car had ploughed into the gate and a man was on the ground curled into the foetal position.
It was a very nerve-wracking experience.' Turmoil: 20 people have been ploughed into by the car by the terrorist who was shot dead in the courtyard of Parliament Eyewitness Rick Longley said: 'A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman' After crashing his car into railings outside Parliament, the attacker leapt from the vehicle and approached the main vehicle entrance to the Westminster complex.
As he ran, witnesses saw a plain-clothes police officer running towards him, holding a handgun, which was pointed at the attacker.
She added: 'It was very, very frightening.' Richard Jones, a 31-year-old bar manager, who reached the scene just after the attack said he saw police cars and ambulances arriving along with an initial six police officers.
He said: 'After a few seconds, another 25 police officers in full tactical gear with helmets and body armour, and then they stormed into the Houses of Parliament.
'Then they started to evacuate the MPs in black unmarked police cars.' In the aftermath of the attack, the hundreds of people inside Parliament were warned to stay away from any windows before being evacuated.
The 26-year-old said: 'It was scary at first everybody screamed and we thought the wheel had broken.' Tourists were eventually brought down from the Eye and led to the nearby Sea Life Centre where their details were taken by police.British Prime Minister Theresa May speaks in the House of Commons | Image: UK Parliament "Yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy - but today we meet as normal.
"What happened on the streets of Westminster yesterday afternoon sickened us all." Mrs May also confirmed the attacker was a British-born man who was known to police and MI5 intelligence services.
"Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer.
“It is still our belief - which continues to be born out by our investigation - that this attacker acted alone yesterday and was inspired by international terrorism." Minute silence at Westminster | Image: PA/PA Wire/PA Images Speaking on Wednesday night, Mrs May condemned the "sick and depraved" attack.The security forces acted swiftly and courageously to protect parliament and the public.
The police officer who later died of his injuries stopped the attacker at the gates off Parliament Square.
In 1979, the IRA murdered the senior Tory MP Airey Neave with a car bomb only yards from where today’s attack took place.Fallon said police had to work on the assumption others may have helped prepare the attack.
Fallon says he has passed many people going to work as normal in London this morning, including pupils on school trips, and says parliament will sit as normal at 9.30am.
“We have the best police force in the world … we have great people who look after us and our head of security is second to none and proved it yesterday,” he said.
“We lost someone but no one got into parliament.” Jess Phillips, the chair of the women’s PLP, said that the group of Labour’s female politicians had met the day before with the deputy speaker, Lindsay Hoyle, and the head of security in parliament to talk about safety.
“Today we will attend a statement to honour Keith Palmer, but to honour him and the sacrifice he made for us we will keep going to our constituency meetings and parliament debates.” Summary of latest Met Police briefing Good morning from London.
Rowley revised down the death toll – four people killed in the attack in Westminster yesterday, including the killer and parliament police officer Keith Palmer.A suspected Islamist terrorist has been shot dead after killing three people and injuring 40 more in a car and knife attack on London's Westminster Bridge and inside the grounds of the Houses of Parliament.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP “This this was a standing start, the police had to work with what they found on the bridge on that day and it is extremely important not to apply too much hindsight.” Those arrested in the wake of the attack included Masood’s ex-wife, who had two young children with the attacker.
Mr Hill said police had fully accepted the findings of his report, which called on officers to give “greater thought” to transporting detainees hundreds of miles from the place of arrest, as was seen following the Westminster attack.