In a statement, Mr Ellwood said: “I am heartbroken that I could not do more for PC Keith Palmer who gave his life in holding the line against terrorism and defending democracy.Two further "significant" arrests have been made in connection with the Westminster attack as detectives mount a huge investigation to establish what triggered terrorist Khalid Masood's murderous rampage.
Police officers patrol along Westminster Bridge by the Houses of Parliament after the bridge was reopened following Wednesday's attack on Westminster on March 24, 2017 in London, England Asked about where the 52-year-old Muslim convert had been radicalised, Mr Rowley said: "As I have said, our investigation focuses on understanding his motivation, preparation and associates.
He added: "Piers was a really nice guy, an older chap who didn't deserve to get stabbed." Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now In other developments: :: A fourth victim who died after being hurt in the attack was named as Leslie Rhodes, a retired window cleaner from Clapham, south London, who neighbours described as a "lovely man".A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: “There will be some additional reassurance patrols in the area tomorrow.” Gunshots and sirens rang out around Parliament after 52-year-old Masood launched his murderous rampage at the centre of British democracy, killing five people before he was shot dead by police in the grounds of Westminster.Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UK's Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said.Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner corrected earlier figures saying three innocent victims - PC Palmer, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s - were killed along with the attacker who was shot by cops.
Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries.
"I am grateful for all their efforts." TIMELINE OF TERROR Lone wolf attacker mowed down crowds of pedestrians in 4x4 on Westminster Bridge He then crashed into gate outside Parliament before stabbing policeman PC Keith Palmer, 48, to death Armed cops put Westminster on lockdown as attack brought London to a standstill yesterday afternoon Four people died - including the attacker who was shot by police - and 29 are injured, including seven critical Eight people arrested today after six raids at addresses in London, Birmingham and elsewhere Cops believe they know the identity of the suspect who was inspired by Islamic terrorism The Hyundai used to carry out the attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham, according to Newsnight Hero MP Tobias Ellwood attempted to revive PC Palmer but husband and father could not be saved Theresa May condemned attack as 'sick and depraved' before holding emergency Cobra meeting MPs were locked in House of Commons for five hours PC Palmer, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad and former Bombardier in the Royal Artillery Army Reserve between '87-'01 , was killed as he tried to stop the attacker at about 2.30pm on Wednesday, while two members of the public were also fatally injured.One of the raids by armed police, thought to be linked to the attack, took place in Hagley Road, Birmingham, on Wednesday night.
now it'll be a slot with 3 jackpots, wherever the Mega Jackpot likely are a pooled pot.
The theme is ready in ancient Hellenic Re… A 52-year-old ex-convict from Birmingham was named on Thursday as the man who carried out the terrorist attack on Westminster in which he and four other people died, while eight others were arrested as police hunted for evidence of a wider conspiracy.• Spanish teacher Aysha Frade and American tourist Kurt Cochran named as victims • Queen and Duchess of Cambridge offer public sympathies to all those affected • Mosques urged to step up security as Muslim leaders denounce attack • Messages of support pour in from around the world • French foreign minister attends Parliament Following the horror scenes in Westminster yesterday afternoon - which left four dead, including the attacker, and 40 injured - Islamic State (ISIS) jihadists have published a claim of responsibility for the attack.
"We will be thinking of all the families." Speaking in the House of Commons this morning, just yards from where hero police officer PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death as he tackled the assailant, the Prime Minister defiantly told MPs: "Yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy.
PA The Prime Minister confirmed the attacker was a British man who had previously been investigated Muslim leaders strongly condemned the attack as the "worst of humanity" as they urged mosques to step up security measures amid concerns at the threat of vigilante actions in the wake of the Westminster horror.
Paying tribute to the words of support from around the world - with French foreign minister Jean-Marc Ayrault present in the House of Commons for the Prime Minister's statement this morning - Mrs May said: "This was an attack on free people everywhere." The Prime Minister told MPs the terror threat level would not be increased from 'severe' in the wake of yesterday's attack.
PA Mrs May paid tribute to Tory minister Tobias Ellwood who fought to save the life of PC Palmer In a defiant message, Mrs May told the House of Commons the "greatest response" to yesterday's attack "lies not in the words of politicians, but in the everyday actions of ordinary people".
"Let this be the message from this House and this nation today: our values will prevail." In response to the Prime Minister's statement, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said: “What happened yesterday within metres of where we sit now was an appalling atrocity.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Terror attacks are part of living in the big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan," Trump Jr. said alongside a piece from The Independent.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Police launched a missing person case that continued until Ali surfaced at the British consulate in Istanbul in 2016, claiming he had lost his passport and asking for emergency travel documents to return to the UK.
“He is an incredibly dangerous individual who had returned from a terrorist training camp in Afghanistan with a determination to kill, we believe, police, the military or parliamentarians in the UK.” Mr Haydon said there was a “time lag” between the FBI linking Ali to the Taliban bombs and his arrest because “due legal process” needed to be followed to collect the evidence from abroad.Masood is said to have jumped out of the car and rushed through the Carriage Gates into New Palace Yard where he attacked two yellow-jacketed policemen at the security gates.
The investigation Raids take place in London and Birmingham as British-born attacker named Police named the attacker as Khalid Masood on Thursday afternoon.‘This is a war on people enjoying the benefits of a free society.’ Women at a police cordon set up following a terrorist attack on London Bridge and Borough Market.
The risk in those places isn’t likely to disappear any time soon, for they seem to encapsulate everything the murderers hate.
Even at a time as painful as this, the biggest risk is that we let the zealots rob us of what makes us who we are.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Family members of the American tourist killed during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in London joined victims and hundreds of well-wishers to mark seven days since the horrific incident.
Scroll down for video Hundreds of people congregated on Westminster Bridge to mark seven days since the devastating terror attack on London which left four people dead Family members of American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was killed during the Westminster attack, embrace each other Cochran's family looked heartbroken with grief over their loss at the vigil on Wednesday Dimmon, center left, and Sandra Payne the parents of U.S. tourist Melissa Cochran, who was injured and her husband Kurt Cochran killed in last Wednesday's London attack, walk to lay flowers Andrei Burnaz, whose girlfriend Andreea Cristea was thrown from the bridge in last week's attack returns for the poignant event today in a wheelchair The Hands Across Westminster Bridge vigil sought to show that 'we will not be divided', linking 'all nations, faiths, orientation and sexes', organizers said Members of the public joined hands on the bridge in a show of solidarity, before honoring the victims of the attack in a minute's silence.
She is still in the hospital being treated for her injuries sustained during the attack Khalid Masood (left) drove at pedestrians on the bridge before stabbing PC Keith Palmer (right) in the Palace of Westminster's cobbled forecourt Mother-of-two Aysha Frade (left) and Leslie Rhodes (right) also died on the bridge after the terrorist drove into them Hundreds of police officers and the general public stand in solidarity for the victims of the Westminster terror attack The Hands Across Westminster Bridge vigil sought to show that 'we will not be divided', linking 'all nations, faiths, orientation and sexes', organizers said Muslim men pray during an event to mark one week since a man drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London Officers who attended the scene of the attack were urged to 'come to pay their respects, as well as victims, witnesses and anyone else', according to a statement on the Metropolitan Police Federation website Those gathered on the bridge fell silent at 2.40pm - the time the first call was made to police exactly seven days ago Officers who attended the scene of the attack were urged to 'come to pay their respects, as well as victims, witnesses and anyone else', according to a statement on the Metropolitan Police Federation website.
People hold flowers as they attend a vigil to remember the victims of last week's Westminster terrorist attack Victims, witnesses and over 500 faith leaders from across the country link hands across Westminster Bridge from the south to the north Police officers congregated on Westminster Bridge this afternoon (pictured) to mark seven days since the devastating terror attack on London which left four people dead Children walk over Westminster Bridge during a vigil to remember the victims of last week's Westminster terrorist attack Police officers, many of whom were mourning the loss of their colleague PC Keith Palmer, stood side-by-side with those wearing T-shirts which said: 'I am a Muslim, ask me anything' Members of the public joined hands on the bridge in a show of solidarity, before honor the victims of the attack in a minute's silence March of solidarity by police officers across Westminster Bridge, a week on from the terror attack in London Zafir Malik, an imam from the association, said they were asked by the police to come along to show solidarity, and that they wanted to 'show that what happened here last week had nothing to do with the so-called religious aspect that this has been given'.
A man is pictured holding a flower during the event Floral tributes have been left on the wrought iron gates of the Palace of Westminster, paying tribute to those who died A vigil was also held on Salford Quays Bridge by The Lowry in Salford, exactly a week since the Westminster terror attack took place Twelve people are still being treated at hospitals across London.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.Parliament will sit as normal tomorrow London attack: Four dead and 40 others injured in Westminster Bridge terror incident BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A total of four people, including the attacker, have died and around 40 others have been injured after a man mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and stabbed a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
A total of four people, including the attacker, have died and around 40 others have been injured after a man mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and stabbed a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
The attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing the policeman before being shot dead by other officers.
"Another police officer walked toward the guy with the knives and shot him twice." Another witness, from South Africa and living in Ireland, said she and two friends went towards the palace gates and saw a man lying on the floor inside.
Bernard Cazeneuve tweeted: "Solidarity with our British friends, terribly stricken, full support to the injured french students, their families and their comrades." Meanwhile, French President Francois Hollande said: "Terrorism concerns us all and France knows how the British people are suffering today.
I just can't believe what I just saw." Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: "There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
"It seems that a police officer has been stabbed, that the alleged assailant was shot by armed police." Witnesses described seeing a heavy-set man carrying a knife and running towards the Houses of Parliament.
"It looked like they are taking her away." Another witness, from South Africa and living in Ireland, said she and two friends went towards the palace gates and saw a man lying on the floor inside.
She confirmed that a single attacker drove a car into pedestrians walking on Westminster Bridge, killing two of them, before running with a knife through the front gates of the Palace of Westminster, where he killed a police officer before being shot dead.
"For those of us who were in Parliament at the time of this attack, these events provide a particular reminder of the exceptional bravery of our police and security services who risk their lives to keep us safe.
The exact details of the "sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our capital this afternoon" were still emerging, she said, adding: "Having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
The exact details of the "sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our capital this afternoon" were still emerging, she said, adding: "Having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
Meeting in a briefing room of the Cabinet Office on Whitehall, Cobra co-ordinates the high-level response to serious incidents, and has previously gathered after terrorist atrocities, including the July 7 attacks on the London transport network and the murder of soldier Lee Rigby.
The White House said US President Donald Trump spoke with Mrs May to "offer his condolences on today's terror attack in London and his praise for the effective response of security forces and first responders.
Ms Ritchie said: "The events at Westminster today are a tragic reminder of the threat that police officers and public representatives face simply for doing their jobs.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.After a car rammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge this week, the measures are likely put in place to prevent a vehicle from mounting the pavement outside of the Palace.Police try to establish if Khalid Masood had support as number of arrests rises to 10 Speaking in the House of Commons, British Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed that one Irish person was among the injured after an attack on Westminster.
Photograph: Metropolitan Police/Reuters The final hours and violent past of the ex-convict who launched the terror attack in Westminster in which he and four others were killed has begun to emerge.
The Metropolitan police released a photo of Khalid Masood on Friday afternoon, as the acting deputy commissioner, Mark Rowley, said officers were keen to establish whether he had acted “totally alone inspired by terrorist propaganda” or whether he had support.
The court heard that Elms was one of only two black men living in the village, near Rye, at the time of the attack which left his victim, Piers Mott, with an 8cm gash to his face.
I don’t know if he had girlfriends but he did party very well, he liked to have a good time.” Arrests Mr Rowley said the two arrests overnight were made in the West Midlands and northwest England, and the Friday morning arrest was in Manchester.
There might well be people out there who did have concerns about Masood but weren’t sure about passing that information to us.” Mr Rowley said police chiefs had ordered the number of armed officers in London to be doubled in the wake of the attack, as well as an increase in the number of unarmed officers.London Bridge Terror Attack London Bridge Terror Attack 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
They are also at an incident in the Vauxhall area PA 12/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London REUTERS 13/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 14/16 A police officer escorts members of the public to safety at London Bridge Getty Images 15/16 Police attend to an incident on London Bridge in London, Britain REUTERS 16/16 Police attend to an incident near London Bridge in London, Britain Reuters 1/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 2/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 3/16 Police Officers outside the Barrowboy and Banker Public House on Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 4/16 Armed Police talk to members of the public outside London Bridge Hospital as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 5/16 Armed police on Borough High Street as police deal with a 'major incident' at London Bridge PA 6/16 Emergency services near the scene of the incident Screengrab 7/16 People run down Borough High Street as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge Reuters 8/16 Emergency services arrive at the scene near Borough market at London Bridge Carl Court/Getty Images 9/16 Emergency personnel on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 10/16 Police sniffer dogs on London Bridge as police are dealing with a "major incident" at London Bridge PA 11/16 A second helicopter lands on London Bridge as police are responding to three incidents in the capital, amid reports that a vehicle collided with pedestrians on London Bridge, Scotland Yard said.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Calum Macleod added: “These awards are a chance to showcase the exceptional bravery that officers protecting our country show day in, day out.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.He refused to comment on the identity of the attacker, but said: "Our working assumption is that he was inspired by international terrorism." Update: 10.30pm: Five people have died and around 40 others have been injured in the Westminster terror attack, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer Mark Rowley has confirmed.
Update 9pm: Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed that four people - including one police officer and the perpetrator - died in today's "sick and depraved" attack in Westminster.
She confirmed that a single attacker drove a car into pedestrians walking on Westminster Bridge, killing two of them, before running with a knife through the front gates of the Palace of Westminster, where he killed a police officer before being shot dead.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of members of the public also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
"Sadly I can confirm that now four people have died - that includes the police officer who was protecting Parliament and one man we believe to be the attacker who was shot by a police firearms officer.
"This investigation has the full weight and expertise of the counter-terrorism command behind it and if there are people who saw the events unfold today that haven't yet spoken to us I would urge to get in touch." "A crime scene will remain in place in the affected areas in Westminster and you will understand it is vital as we carry out a painstaking investigation to recover all the possible evidence.
"For a precautionary basis are locking down the area and doing all the necessary searches so we can be completely confident that everyone is safe." Mr Rowley said that, apart from the police officer and his attacker, it was his understanding that the two other victims died on the bridge.
Update 6.01pm: Four people were killed in the Westminster terror attack, including the police officer who was stabbed and his attacker, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer Mark Rowley has confirmed.
"Then the police moved us back." Update 4.42pm: At least two people have died after a knifeman brought terror to the heart of Westminster in London this afternoon, mowing down pedestrians then stabbing a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
Confirmed her death at the scene." Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: "There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
"As we are very busy dealing with this incident, we would ask the public to only call us in a genuine emergency." Update 3.45pm: Witness Quentin Letts said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside the British Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons.
He added: "As this attacker was running towards the entrance two plain-clothed guys with guns shouted at him what sounded like a warning, he ignored it and they shot two or three times and he fell." "I heard shouts and screams from outside and looked out, and there was a group of maybe 40 or 50 people running round the corner from Bridge Street into Parliament Square," said Mr Woodcock.
"It looked like they are taking her away." Update 3.15pm: A policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the British Houses of Parliament.
Emergency services close to the Palace of Westminster, Armed police cleared the area around the incident and Parliament Square was closed to traffic.
"There are also reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity of the Palace of Westminster but I hope colleagues on all sides will appreciate that it'd be wrong of me to go into further details until we have confirmation from the police and from the House security authorities about what is going on." Witnesses described seeing a middle-aged man carrying a knife and running.
Scotland Yard confirmed it was called to a firearms incident on Westminster Bridge amid reports of several people injured.
One man who says he is in an office block close to the incident said on twitter: "Just seen police shoot a man outside parliament, appeared to be wielding a knife / About five minutes we hard a bang, and then screams, from our office in the Palace of Westminster.As the afternoon passed, it became seen not as the widely despised bastion of the political class, but a real place inhabited by office workers, tourists, security guards and groups of visiting schoolchildren.
But if people saw him today, they’d have seen a human being.A week after the attack, large group crosses bridge to pay tribute to 4 killed People embrace Wednesday after laying flowers during an event to mark one week since a man drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Four people including the suspected attacker and a police officer died in Wednesday’s attack.As the afternoon passed, it became seen not as the widely despised bastion of the political class, but a real place inhabited by office workers, tourists, security guards and groups of visiting schoolchildren.
But if people saw him today, they’d have seen a human being.In the hours after the attack, Channel 4 and its reporter Simon Israel incorrectly named Abu Izzadeen (formerly known as Trevor Brooks) as the suspect police were investigating.The attack on Wednesday killed four people and injured 50 as Masood drove a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before stabbing a police officer — PC Keith Palmer — who died from his injuries.Four people have died, including a police officer, and at least 20 people have been injured in a major terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament, the Metropolitan police have confirmed.
Mark Rowley, the head of counter-terrorism at the Met, said a police officer had died after being stabbed by a lone attacker attempting to enter the House of Commons.
Rowley said at least 20 people, including three officers, were hurt in the attack on the bridge.
“The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
Play Video 0:17 Footage of car after crash into railings outside Parliament - video Immediately before the incident, at about 2.45pm, people were seen running from the direction of Westminster Bridge and around the corner into Parliament Square.
“Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.” The incident took place a year to the day after the terror attack on Brussels, which killed 32 people and left 320 injured.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.Police arrested eight people at six locations in London and Birmingham in the investigation into Wednesday’s lone-wolf attack that May said was inspired by a warped Islamist ideology.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.He told the committee that, while detectives believe at this stage that Masood acted alone in his execution of the attack, the investigation to establish whether anyone else was involved in any way continues.For those of us who were in Parliament at the time of this attack, these events provide a particular reminder of the exceptional bravery of our police and security services who risk their lives to keep us safe.
The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our Capital City, where people of all nationalities, religions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy and freedom of speech.They then made their way to Parliament Square where they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.
Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago.
Khalid MasoodCredit: PA Security in the area has been noticeably more high profile since Khalid Masood killed four people by ramming them with his car on Westminster Bridge before stabbing to death Pc Keith Palmer just inside the grounds of Parliament on March 22.But the man who killed four people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
Theresa May rushed into a car as London terror attack unfolds 00:31 It comes as police said a fourth innocent victim died on Thursday night.
"Next of kin have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained family liaison officers." Khalid Masood being treated by medics after he was shot outside the Palace of WestminsterCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA But by the time Masood went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." It comes as Scotland Yard disclosed that the eight people - three women and five men - arrested in London and Birmingham are being held on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
He seemed like a normal calm and kind family man, always with a smile on his face." Police raid Birmingham property in connection with London attack 01:09 The attacker mowed down pedestrians with a car on Westminster Bridge before crashing at the railings in front of Parliament.
But by the time Masood, 52, went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
"It reminded us of how we are all connected." In an impassioned address, Ms Rudd said: "The terrorists will not defeat us, we will defeat them." Vigil Takes Place in Trafalgar Square for attack victims 04:16 Sadiq Khan spoke of how Londoners had come together in the aftermath of the attack.
Pc Keith Palmer lost his lifeCredit: LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE In a moving service in the Chapel of Saint Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, the chaplain warned against the danger of thinking "an eye for an eye" and urged people to share memories of the "heroic contributions on that day when evil dared to show its face".
Ms Villiers said: "As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?" "The terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday was horrific and our thoughts are with all of those affected by it.
We are giving this investigation the highest priority and we will conclude it as soon as possible." Pupil of terror victim: I'm here to show that we're not going to let these people win A pupil of Westminster victim Aysha Frade, a Spanish teacher, who lost her life in the attack, has come to pay her respects in Trafalgar Square.
"To show solidarity with those who have lost their lives and their families, to show solidarity with those who have been injured, and to say to the terrorists: 'You will not succeed in cowering us, we will remain united, and we are the greatest city in the world'." Michael Deacon's Commons sketch: Tributes, tears – and then steely resolve: how Parliament got back to business They carried on.
he seemed like a normal calm and kind family man' Patrick Sawer reports from Birmingham: A mother of three was left stunned after recognising Khalid Masood, the terrorist pictured on a stretcher after Wednesday's attack, as the man who had lived next to her for several months.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
He said he was cooperating fully with the police to help them with their investigations into the attack on Parliament.
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
Jeremy Corbyn: 'We are united by our humanity and by our democratic values' Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn also paid tribute to Keith Palmer, the police officer who lost his life in the attack, and to the police and security services who "keep us safe every day" on the Parliamentary estate.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Four people have died - a police officer, the attacker, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s The officer was Pc Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old husband and father with 15 years of police service Seven people have been arrested and six addresses raided across London, Birmingham and elsewhere The woman was killed on Westminster Bridge as a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a grey Hyundai It is believed the man was also killed in the incident on the bridge Seven people are in a critical condition, and 29 have been treated in hospital One woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water The attacker, armed with two large knives, jumped out of the car after smashing it into the railings encircling the Palace of Westminster, fatally stabbing Pc Palmer as he entered the grounds.
He was shot dead moments later by another officer Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said the working assumption is that the attack is linked to Islamic terrorism Parliament and Whitehall to hold minute's silence MPs, peers and staff working in Parliament and Whitehall will observe a minute's silence at 9.33am to pay respects to the victims of the terror attack.
A large area around the Palace of Westminster, including Parliament Square and Westminster Bridge, remained cordoned off on Thursday morning, but staff were able to access the building and return to work.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
And she vowed: "We will all move forward together, never giving in to terror and never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart." Footage later emerged of the moment police opened fire after the attacker drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP "We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don’t provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other ...Mayor Sadiq Khan said, “Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty — protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life.” James Cleverly, a lawmaker, said on Twitter that he had served in the Royal Artillery with Constable Palmer, calling him “a lovely man, a friend.” ■ Kurt Cochran, an American traveling in Europe with his wife, Melissa Payne Cochran, died of injuries sustained in the attack, according to a statement from the family issued through the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City.
On Thursday, the French Education Ministry said that the injured students from Brittany had been treated and that their conditions were no longer life-threatening.
There are more than 4,200 students in London on school trips from France, according to the Education Ministry.
Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of France expressed solidarity with “our British friends” hurt in the attack and offered “full support to the injured French pupils, their families and their classmates.” ■ Five South Koreans were among the 29 people hospitalized.
A 67-year-old woman, however, suffered a head injury when she was pushed by the fleeing crowd, according to South Korean news reports.
Ms. Cristea went into the Thames off Westminster Bridge when the assailant drove through the crowd, and news reports said she suffered serious head injuries and lung damage.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.And on the way back to the office we then could hear outside police shouting to someone to get down on the ground and lie down and sort of military organisation and police organisation going on.” Search Those MPs already in the chamber were told to remain there as proceedings were suspended.Prime Minister Theresa May said: “I have just chaired a meeting of the Government’s emergency committee, COBRA, following the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our capital this afternoon.
But, having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our Capital City, where people of all nationalities, religions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy and freedom of speech.A video of the far-right leader, who led the EDL from 2009 until 8 October 2013, appeared on Rebel Media, a fringe right-wing Canadian media company ( LNP ) Tommy Robinson has been widely condemned for launching into a tirade about Islamic extremism at the scene of a suspected terrorist attack in Westminster.Follow the author of this article Follow the topics within this article The life of a Utah man who ran a recording studio at his home before he was killed in a high-profile London attack that also injured his wife was celebrated Saturday with the local music he loved.
Family members of Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt Cohran was killed in the March 22 London terror attack, perform during a memorial concertCredit: Rick Bowmer/AP The West Bountiful couple was on the last day of a European trip celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary when the attack happened.Emergency services outside the Palace of Westminster treat the attacker, who has been named as Khalid Masood.
London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises – live Read more As police search for any evidence of a wider conspiracy, eight people remain in custody after properties across the UK were raided, while a picture emerged of the killer’s apparently nomadic lifestyle.
The police said on Friday morning that two people remained in hospital in critical condition, with one of these considered to have “life-threatening” injuries, after Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before running into the parliamentary estate armed with two knives and fatally stabbing PC Keith Palmer before himself being shot dead.
Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: “Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
PC Palmer’s family released a statement paying tribute to the police officer, who had a five-year-old daughter.“I’m sorry to say that we have now a fifth column living inside these European countries.” Liberal Democrat MP Alistair Carmichael was among a group of politicians to launch their own attack on Mr Farage’s comments, branding his views “dangerous”.Image:Armed police respond outside Parliament 3.30pm Act of terrorism The Metropolitan Police say the attack is being treated "as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise".
Image:Armed officers cordon off Westminster Bridge 4pm Scale of attack A spokesperson confirms the Prime Minister is back at No 10.
Thirty minutes later, Met Police commander BJ Harrington confirms police officers were among those injured in the Westminster attack and says extra officers have been deployed across London.
Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood.
Image:PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death by a terrorist as he stood guard outside Parliament 23 March 8.40am Second victim named The second victim is named as Aysha Frade, 43, who was on her way to pick up her children from school when she was killed on Westminster Bridge.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The post went live on the afternoon of 21 March, almost exactly 24 hours before the attack.In Merton we are lucky to have people from many different faiths and cultures who all make a huge contribution to our Merton community.” Leader of the Merton Conservative Group Councillor Oonagh Moulton added: “We are all thinking of those affected by the terrible attacks in Westminster yesterday as we pray for the dead and injured and for their friends and families.
We are also lucky to have a very proactive faith and belief forum which holds regular events bringing people from all walks of life together.” Councillor Alambritis concluded: “We are likely to see more officers on the streets of our capital who will be there for our safety and reassurance.A police officer and a woman have been killed near Parliament in central London in what Scotland Yard are treating as a terrorist incident.
"Armed police were quickly on the scene and I heard them shouting to people to get out of the yard." 'Mowed down' An eye witness, Radoslaw Sikorski, a senior fellow at Harvard's Centre for European Studies, posted a video to Twitter showing people lying injured in the road on Westminster Bridge.
Parliament went into lcokdown after the attack He wrote: "A car on Westminster Bridge has just mowed down at least 5 people." Scotland Yard said it was called to a firearms incident on the bridge amid reports of several people injured./PTI] London, March 27 : A group of Muslim women stood on Westminster Bridge in a show of solidarity with victims of last week’s terror attack outside the British Parliament that killed four people.It was earlier revealed that the fourth member of the public who died after the attack by the home-grown terrorist was 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from Clapham, south London.
He reportedly added: "It isn't what it used to be." Khaldid Masood, circled, during his school years in Kent aged about 14 The death toll from Masood's murderous assault on the capital rose again on Thursday when Mr Rhodes - a retired window-cleaner, who is believed to have been visiting a nearby hospital when he was killed - became the fourth innocent victim to die.
Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" after Masood ploughed a car down Westminster Bridge and stormed the Parliamentary estate armed with two blades, fatally knifing Pc Keith Palmer.
Recap: What we know so far about Westminster terror attack If you're looking to catch up with the latest on the London terror attack, this is what we know so far: Five people have died - Pc Keith Palmer, 48, mother-of-two Aysha Frade, US tourist Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes, 75, from Clapham, south London.
Masood, 52, had a string of criminal convictions including possession of a knife, but he was not the subject of any current investigations and there was "no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack".
We utterly condemn this terrorist act." The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, speaks as Inter-faith leaders listen during a vigil in the grounds of Westminster AbbeyCredit: HANNAH MCKAY/EPA Sadiq Khan lays flowers as it is revealed he will drop three cities from European capitals tour The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has laid flowers for the victims of the Westminster terror attack.
'Scum and pure evil' - terror victim's sister in law The sister-in-law of Leslie Rhodes said his killer, Khalid Masood, was "scum and pure evil", as she recounted how she could not get the picture of the 75-year-old lying in King's College hospital "out of my head", reports Harry Yorke.
Leslie Rhodes, a retired window cleaner from south London, suffered serious injuries in the atrocity and died in hospital a day later.
He added: "You know, it's a crime that he's been taken." Emergency services on Westminster Bridge after the attackCredit: Dominic Lipinski/PA Mr Williams said he had been told by neighbours who went to see him before he died that Mr Rhodes was attending the hospital and may have been coming from or going to a bus stop nearby when he was hit.
He said: "It's frustrating that we get nonsense like this from armchair critics." Key points from anti-terror officer's 8am statement Mark Rowley appealed to the public for information about the killer, whose birth name was Adrian Russell Ajao - but who was also known as Adrian Elms and was using the name Khalid Masood at the time of the attack.
He disclosed that: Two people remain in hospital in a critical condition, one with life-threatening injuries Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" A total of 50 people were injured in the murderous rampage, with 30 of them needing hospital treatment Hundreds of officers are involved in the investigation after the Westminster attack Two more arrests have been made overnight, in the West Midlands and North West A total of nine people remain in custody after one woman earlier arrested was bailed Searches of five addresses are ongoing Officers have so far seized 2,700 items from searches - including computer data He was charged in 2003 with grievous bodily harm, when aged 39, after being accused of stabbing a 22-year-old man in the nose in an incident in Eastbourne.
The attack claimed another victim as a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday night.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Rowley said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of civilians and three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
The other three victims were among those hit by the car as it sped across Westminster Bridge before crashing into railings just outside parliament.
US President Donald Trump offered May the full cooperation and support of the United States in responding to the attack, the White House said in a statement.Police have conducted a series of raids overnight and have announced this morning that seven people have been arrested in connection with the attack, after searching six addresses.Uncovering the mainstream media lies The attack outside and inside London’s Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured.
Loud bangs can be heard in the background as she is ushered into the car, but it is unclear whether the bangs were gunshots.” Safely back in her official residence, behind Downing Street’s fortified walls and soaring iron gates, guarded by colleagues of PC Palmer, she paid tribute to the emergency services: “ … these exceptional men and women ran towards the danger even as they encouraged others to move the other way.” She talked of terrorists targeting Parliament because they hated the: “values our Parliament represents – democracy, freedom, human rights, the rule of law” and the “spirit of (it’s engendered) freedom that echoes in some of the furthest corners of the globe.
What a contrast to President Bashar Al Assad and his wife, who with their children have never fled in terrorist attacks on their country ongoing since March 2011, terrorist attacks which include entirely illegal, massive bombings by UK and US air power.
A friend also commented succinctly: ‘If “terrorists will not succeed” in the UK and other Western countries, why should the West expect the Syrian government and its allies to allow the Western, GCC, Israeli backed terrorists, to succeed in Syria and seize control of the country after six years of global terror?’ Terrorists from up to ninety countries gaining access via the borders left open by the occupiers of Iraq from the time of the 2003 invasion and via NATO ally Turkey’s borders and blind eyes.
Coincidentally, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had said on the morning of the Westminster attack, after a series of verbal spats with European countries that: “If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
In Iraq in just two “catastrophic” “liberation” assaults on Mosul’s ancient, beautiful city, US “coalition” bombings killed up to three hundred and fifty souls, wiping out entire families in the week before London’s one man attack: “Journalists saw children and a pregnant woman among at least 50 bodies recovered from the rubble, with limbs and shoes protruding from destroyed houses.” (3) No condolences from world leaders, no Eifel Tower or Brandenburg Gate markings for them.
And since the perpetrator of the London attack is dead, it will likely never be known whether it was a coincidence that the attack was on the first anniversary of three suicide bombers killing thirty two people and injuring three hundred and sixteen in Brussels on 22nd March 2016.
Managing Director Peter Power told the BBC: “At half past nine this morning we were actually running an exercise for a company of over a thousand people in London based on simultaneous bombs going off precisely at the railway stations where it happened this morning, so I still have the hairs on the back of my neck standing up right now.” (6) Videos Farmageddon - The truth about the food and dairy industry 9/11 - Press for Truth (full movie) Iraq For Sale - Full Movie Let Your Life Be a Friction to Stop the Machine The American Dream Film-Full Length America: A Government Out of Control Police State 4: The Rise Of FEMA ‘Fall of the Republic’ The New rulers of The World The Israel Lobby HOME American Drug War:The Last Hope ROMERO Full Movie Nicaragua - A Nations Right To Survive Word is that Michael Bloomberg, the mega-billionaire former mayor of New York City who watched his wealth more than double while he sat in the mayor's office is thinking of running for President as a Democrat in 2020.
Former […] As we know from the political puppets and their mouthpieces in the controlled corporate media, Syrian President Basher al-Assad is a bloodthirsty monster responsible for the wanton slaughter of (fill in the number) of his own citizens, and he particularly enjoys dropping chemical weapons on women and children despite knowing that this is the one thing that w […] In this video, Luke Rudkowski of WeAreChange gives you the latest breaking news on the China World Order and why it is here on purpose.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.The families of Kurt Cochran, who was killed in the Westminster terror attack, and his wife Melissa, who was badly injured, found out they had been hurt when they recognised them in photographs posted online.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.A suspected terrorist attack was foiled after armed police arrested a man who is alleged to have been found carrying knives near the Houses of Parliament.
The scene where the man, aged 27, was arrested is metres away from where Khalid Masood launched his attacks on Westminster Bridge and the parliamentary estate five weeks ago, leaving five people dead, including himself.
Photograph: Will Oliver/EPA He was led away into a police car at around 3.15pm, while scene-of-crime officers examined knives and a rucksack on the traffic island in the middle of Parliament Street at the junction with Parliament Square.
As they left the area via an alternative route, they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.Dozens injured Police said 29 of around 40 people wounded were treated in hospital.
In an address to parliament on Thursday, Prime Minister Theresa May said that among the people admitted to hospital were 12 Britons as well as one German, one Pole, one Irish citizen, one Chinese national, one Italian, one American, two Greeks and two Romanians.One witness who works in a shop near the second-floor Birmingham flat told the Press Association: “The man from London lived here.” He added: “They came and arrested three men.” Another resident said he recalled two men living there.
16:36 Fundraising page reaches £100,000 in just six hours The JustGiving page set up to support the family of PC Keith Palmer, the Metropolitan Police officer who was fatally stabbed in yesterday’s tragic terror attack at Westminster, has now raised over £100,000 with donations continuing to flood in 16:34 His badge number will be retired As a sign of respect, the Metropolitan Police will be retiring PC Palmer’s shoulder number - 4157U - after his death.
16:33 Fellow officer at Parliament speaks A colleague who worked most recently with PC Palmer, Inspector Mark Turner from the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command, said: “He was a really solid, reliable member of the team - he came in and just got the job done, quietly and efficiently.
PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death in Westminster on Wednesday (March 23) (Image: Met Police) “He had a great worth ethic, he worked on our warrants’ car for years, getting up at 4am to serve warrants and arresting wanted offenders.
The hospital continues to run smoothly and we are very grateful to all our staff and those of the emergency services for their fantastic response.” 15:37 Attacker responsible formally identified as 52-year-old from West Midlands Police have said after formal identification, they believe 52-year-old Khalid Masood was responsible for the attacks in Westminster.
As the widow of my colleague murdered by a terrorist last year said, “The Westminster attacker is no more representative of Muslims than Jo Cox’s killer is representative of Yorkshire.” “We must, and we will, work together in our communities, along with the police, learning listening and supporting each other to prevent further tragedies, as such work has already prevented them in recent months.
“I will be joining my fellow Londoners in paying tribute to all of those affected by the attack over the coming days.” 14:33 Prime Minister and James Heappey MP to discuss importance of more people learning first aid Sue Killen, CEO of St John Ambulance, said: “Our thoughts go to those affected by yesterday’s incident in Westminster.
Police were called to Westminster Bridge on February 19 (Image: Google Street View) “We welcome today’s discussion between the Prime Minister and James Heappey MP regarding the importance of learning first aid – it’s such a simple skill but has an incredible impact.” 14:24KEY EVENT Boris Johnson quotes Winston Churchill in impassioned message Winston Churchill’s message to the people of Britain following the terror attack on Parliament would be: “Never surrender, never give in”, Foreign Secretary and west London MP Boris Johnson has said.
One witness who works in a shop near the second-floor Birmingham flat told the Press Association: “The man from London lived here.” He added “They came and arrested three men.” Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to “Go left”.
13:25KEY EVENT Westminster Bridge re-opens but other roads remain closed 13:13 Brent Police announce 'reassurance patrols' in borough as council leader speaks of 'bonds that unite' Cllr Muhammed Butt, Leader of Brent Council, said: “We are all profoundly saddened by the terrible scenes on the streets of London yesterday.
12:31KEY EVENT JustGiving page for the victims of the Westminster attack in London has raised more than £13,000 Following yesterday’s tragic attack in Westminster, members of the public have been quick to show their support and a JustGiving page has been set up for the family of Keith Palmer, the Metropolitan Police officer who was stabbed in the attack.Four people have died, including a police officer, and at least 20 people have been injured in a major terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament, the Metropolitan police have confirmed.
Mark Rowley, the head of counter-terrorism at the Met, said a police officer had died after being stabbed by a lone attacker attempting to enter the House of Commons.
Rowley said at least 20 people, including three officers, were hurt in the attack on the bridge.
“The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, also including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
Play Video 0:17 Footage of car after crash into railings outside Parliament - video Immediately before the incident, at about 2.45pm, people were seen running from the direction of Westminster Bridge and around the corner into Parliament Square.
“Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.” The incident took place a year to the day after the terror attack on Brussels, which killed 32 people and left 320 injured.Fallon said police had to work on the assumption others may have helped prepare the attack.
Fallon says he has passed many people going to work as normal in London this morning, including pupils on school trips, and says parliament will sit as normal at 9.30am.
“We have the best police force in the world … we have great people who look after us and our head of security is second to none and proved it yesterday,” he said.
“We lost someone but no one got into parliament.” Jess Phillips, the chair of the women’s PLP, said that the group of Labour’s female politicians had met the day before with the deputy speaker, Lindsay Hoyle, and the head of security in parliament to talk about safety.
“Today we will attend a statement to honour Keith Palmer, but to honour him and the sacrifice he made for us we will keep going to our constituency meetings and parliament debates.” Summary of latest Met Police briefing Good morning from London.
Rowley revised down the death toll – four people killed in the attack in Westminster yesterday, including the killer and parliament police officer Keith Palmer.Masood has a criminal background that stretches back into the early 1980s, though he wasn’t being investigated by U.K. intelligence prior to the attack.
2. Masood Had Been Investigated By British Authorities for ‘Extremism’ In the Past & Neighbors Called Him ‘Vampire’ British Prime Minister Theresa May said that Masood was known to British intelligence MI5 prior to the attack.
According to a report from Daily Mail, one of the raids took place at a flat belonging to Rohey Hydara, who apparently had lived with Masood in at least two different addresses.
Police released a statement about the raids to national media that confirmed they took place in connection with the London attack.Police cars and ambulances flooded the area of the attack — one of several guarded entrances to Houses of Parliament, a warren of rooms and staircases which was later evacuated.
A lot of shouting Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a news stand at the scene, said she heard a car crashing into fencing surrounding parliament and initially thought there had been an accident.
and a lot of police presence coming from everywhere.” Richard Jones, a 31-year-old bar manager, who reached the scene just after the attack said he saw police cars and ambulances arriving along with an initial six police officers.Officers from the Met's Counter Terrorism Command are searching another address in Birmingham, where the suspect is said to be known to police, and a flat in the Radford area of Nottingham over the attack, but have not arrested anyone else.
Forensic officers by the Ford Fiesta that crashed into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament today in the first terror attack in Britain this year The car was stopped in its tracks by a new security barrier designed to stop a lorryborne attack used in Nice or Berlin Cyclists abandoned their bikes after the collision with one being treated for injuries in the middle of the road as terror came to London's streets again Armed officers swamp a crumpled silver car after a rush hour crash at Westminster today that left two pedestrians needing hospital treatment The man in the left of the picture was arrested at the scene where two people were injured at just after 7.30am yesterday and he is refusing to speak to detectives.
Security sources say he is from the West Midlands CCTV footage of the car unearthed by the BBC shows the car on the wrong side of the road then swerve left, hitting cyclists and pedestrians before hitting a barrier Forensic officers were still at the scene where the Ford Fiesta crashed near the Houses of Parliament Other officers were seen loading abandoned bicycles into vans after the crash that involved 15 cyclists and pedestrians Counter Terrorism officers, supported by Nottinghamshire Police, undertook a search at a flat on Peveril Street in the Radford area of Nottingham Police officers searched the flat on Peveril Street in connection with the terror attack at Westminster earlier today This is the location of the barrier crash - just around the corner from where Khalid Masood killed six people in March 2017 Share this article The man looked dazed as he was dragged from the smoking silver Ford Fiesta by around a dozen armed officers who had their rifles trained on him.
Speaking at the Home Office, Mr Javid said: 'The briefing I have received from counter-terrorism police and the security services is that work is ongoing and they are doing everything they can to find out more about the incident.
A suspected terrorist arrested at gunpoint after ploughing a car into pedestrians near parliament is refusing to talk to police as detectives try to identify him, the Met's terror chief said today.
'Another man was also treated at the scene but didn't require hospital treatment.' Mr Basu said the suspect was the only person in the vehicle and was 'arrested at the scene by armed officers' and taken to a police station in south London.
'This has caused a great deal of disruption to those who live, work or were visiting this area.' Asked whether police were tailing the man before the incident, he said: 'There was not a police car in pursuit of the vehicle.' Scotland Yard said the crash is being treated as a 'terrorist incident'.
Counter-terror chief Neil Basu said that he appears to have been working alone and there is 'no intelligence at this time of further danger' to Londoners following the car attack.
As a suspected terrorist appears to have launched a carborne attack in London again, it also emerged: Ford Fiesta bought two months ago crashes into cyclists, pedestrians and then barriers outside Houses of Parliament at 7.30am; Armed officers seen leaping over barriers and training rifles on the car before dragging suspect from the driver's seat.
He is refusing to co-operate; Detectives investigate if attack was indiscriminate or aimed at two police officers manning checkpoint; Two people are treated in St Thomas' Hospital but several more were also treated at the scene and say car 'deliberately' swerved towards them; Giant 'terror cordon' surrounds Houses of Parliament but most MPs are away because of summer recess; Attack came 17 months after Khalid Masood's Westminster rampage killed six and tested new barriers installed to stop similar carnage happening again; Donald Trump wakes up and tweets about the Westminster terror incident and said: 'These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!' A meeting of the Government's emergency cobra committee was held at 2pm today - but no cabinet ministers were expected to attend.
Prime Minister Theresa May is currently away in Switzerland on the second leg of her summer holiday but she said her thoughts were with those injured in the Westminster car crash and thanked the emergency services for their 'immediate and courageous' response.
Forensics officers have spent the say getting evidence from the Ford Fiesta, which was bought just two months ago First responders treat victims lying in the road on Parliament Square in an attack that did not claim any lives Bicycles are sat against a wall near the scene of the crash at the Houses of Parliament today This is the scene in the minutes after the crash and shows the vehicle was within the network of barriers outside Parliament.
These were increased after the terror attack there last year A forensics officer photographs the smashed remains of the Ford Fiesta next to a no 3 Routemaster bus and other abandoned vehicles Van after van of police have flooded the area and Parliament Square is likely to be closed for most of today as the terror investigation continues Forensics officers are examining the Ford Fiesta and Parliament Square but only after specialist officers and dogs checked it for weapons, explosives or chemicals A huge cordon only used in the event of terror attacks has been put in place spreading for a mile away from Parliament Square Witnesses are still being interviewed by the police and many described seeing the driver veer towards people hitting between 10 and 15 people This is the first suspected terror attack in Britain this year - there were five last year including four in the capital A police helicopter hovered over Parliament for several hours as officers tried to see if the suspect was working alone Trump blasts 'animal' after 'another terrorist attack in London' US President Donald Trump today branded the London terror suspect an 'animal'.
Two hours later they said they were keeping 'open mind' by counter-terror police took over the case Police closed off Westminster Bridge (pictured) and all major roads leading to Parliament Square in the aftermath of the crash Armed officers were among the hundreds of police who flooded into the Westminster area in the aftermath Westminster Tube was also closed as a precaution and is being patrolled by armed British Transport Police (pictured) The cordon has been extended along Millbank and around 200 officers are at the scene Members of the public and press were moved back further from the area as police put up a 'Terrorism Act cordon', according to an officer at the scene Suspected terror attack tests beefed up Westminster security Security measures around Westminster and on central London bridges were beefed up in the wake of terror attacks last year.
Security arrangements around Parliament are likely to come under fresh scrutiny at the forthcoming inquests into the deaths of five people including police officer Keith Palmer who were killed in the Westminster Bridge attack last year.
A police officer said: 'It is such a big cordon it's chaos at the moment but the public's safety is of course paramount.' Police evacuated dozens of people and cars from St James's Park as they extend their cordon around a vehicle which crashed earlier today.
The officer replied: 'It's looking that way.' British Transport Police (BTP) said it would be putting extra officers on patrols in England, Scotland and Wales today and into the evening following the Westminster terror attack.
A man poses for a photo on Westminster Bridge today after it was cordoned off to traffic Journalist Ben Lewis said it was 'bizarre' that a tourist photographed her daughter at the scene Today, Scotland Yard said the terror suspect accused of deliberately crashing a car outside the Houses of Parliament was not known to police or MI5.
In a statement after the suspected terror attack at Westminster, when a man in a Ford Fiesta mowed down cyclists before crashing into barriers around Parliament, the Prime Minister said the incident was'shocking'.
'We are there to reassure the travelling public so please don't be alarmed if you see our officers, including firearms officers, on your journey.' Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu said today (pictured) that there was 'no intelligence at this time of further danger' to Londoners following the attack Surrounding roads including Westminster Bridge, Abingdon Street and Whitehall all closed today, along with Westminster station on the London Underground.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.But, having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
For those of us who were in Parliament at the time of this attack, these events provide a particular reminder of the exceptional bravery of our police and security services who risk their lives to keep us safe.The security forces acted swiftly and courageously to protect parliament and the public.
The police officer who later died of his injuries stopped the attacker at the gates off Parliament Square.
In 1979, the IRA murdered the senior Tory MP Airey Neave with a car bomb only yards from where today’s attack took place.Culture Secretary Matt Hancock said: "I'm sure the whole House will want to associate ourselves to mark the memory of those who passed away a year ago, as we have just noted in the one minute's silence, and to thank once more the emergency services who keep us safe and, especially on this day, those who put others' safety ahead of their own.Rowley said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and wounding a number of civilians and three police officers.
"There will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners, and all those visiting our city, safe," he said.Westminster Attack: Courage, Cowardice, Double Standards The attack outside and inside London’s Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured.
A friend also commented succinctly: ‘If “terrorists will not succeed” in the UK and other Western countries, why should the West expect the Syrian government and its allies to allow the Western, GCC, Israeli backed terrorists, to succeed in Syria and seize control of the country after six years of global terror?’ Terrorists from up to ninety countries gaining access via the borders left open by the occupiers of Iraq from the time of the 2003 invasion and via NATO ally Turkey’s borders and blind eyes.
Coincidentally, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had said on the morning of the Westminster attack, after a series of verbal spats with European countries that: “If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
In Iraq in just two “catastrophic” “liberation” assaults on Mosul’s ancient, beautiful city, US “coalition” bombings killed up to three hundred and fifty souls, wiping out entire families in the week before London’s one man attack: “Journalists saw children and a pregnant woman among at least 50 bodies recovered from the rubble, with limbs and shoes protruding from destroyed houses.” (3) No condolences from world leaders, no Eifel Tower or Brandenburg Gate markings for them.
And since the perpetrator of the London attack is dead, it will likely never be known whether it was a coincidence that the attack was on the first anniversary of three suicide bombers killing thirty two people and injuring three hundred and sixteen in Brussels on 22nd March 2016.
(4) In another other coincidence, on 19th March, armed anti-terror police carried out “a terrifyingly realistic” boat drill a little further down the Thames: “A sightseeing vessel became the scene of a fierce mock-gun battle between armed officers and police volunteers posing as terrorists shortly after 11am on Sunday …” (5) ‘At least one “body”, played by a police volunteer, was cast overboard, and officers were deployed in an effort to assess the effectiveness of rescue operation tactics in life-like conditions.’ “The multi-agency operation was carried out between the Met, the Port of London Authority, London Coastguard, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI), London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade.” Police stressed that there was no specific threat but with London on high alert for two years: “I do hope there is a deterrent effect in this when they see how effective our people are.” After last Wednesday’s attack Romanian architect Andrea Cristea was pulled from the Thames, alive but badly injured, it is uncertain whether she jumped to escape the car or fell off in the chaos.
Managing Director Peter Power told the BBC: “At half past nine this morning we were actually running an exercise for a company of over a thousand people in London based on simultaneous bombs going off precisely at the railway stations where it happened this morning, so I still have the hairs on the back of my neck standing up right now.” (6) Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s).BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.Speaking in Downing Street, the Prime Minister praised the "exceptional bravery" of police and security services during the attack in Westminster, and also paid tribute to the emergency services as a whole.Westminster Attack – Courage, Cowardice and Double Standards By Felicity Arbuthnot – The attack outside and inside London’s Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured.
Speaking in Parliament the next morning Prime Minister, Theresa May listed the injured including twelve Britons, three of whom were police officers returning from an Award ceremony, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, one Pole, one Irish, one Chinese, one Italian, an American and two Greeks.
Loud bangs can be heard in the background as she is ushered into the car, but it is unclear whether the bangs were gunshots.” Safely back in her official residence, behind Downing Street’s fortified walls and soaring iron gates, guarded by colleagues of PC Palmer, she paid tribute to the emergency services: “ … these exceptional men and women ran towards the danger even as they encouraged others to move the other way.” She talked of terrorists targeting Parliament because they hated the: “values our Parliament represents – democracy, freedom, human rights, the rule of law” and the “spirit of (it’s engendered) freedom that echoes in some of the furthest corners of the globe.” It has to be wondered whether those still under bombardment from the UK or it’s ally the US, in Afghanistan after sixteen years, Iraq after fourteen years, in Libya, Syria, Yemen; Palestinians remembering the decimation the Balfour Declaration has wrought on them for generations – when May had declared that in this, it’s centenary year it is to be remembered in special UK “celebrations” – share quite such a starry eyed view of the “values”, “human rights” and “freedoms” etc., emanating from ”the Mother of Parliaments.” She concluded: “ Any attempt to defeat those values through violence and terror is doomed to failure.
What a contrast to President Bashar Al Assad and his wife, who with their children have never fled in terrorist attacks on their country ongoing since March 2011, terrorist attacks which include entirely illegal, massive bombings by UK and US air power.
Coincidentally, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had said on the morning of the Westminster attack, after a series of verbal spats with European countries that: “If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
In Iraq in just two “catastrophic” “liberation” assaults on Mosul’s ancient, beautiful city, US “coalition” bombings killed up to three hundred and fifty souls, wiping out entire families in the week before London’s one man attack: “Journalists saw children and a pregnant woman among at least 50 bodies recovered from the rubble, with limbs and shoes protruding from destroyed houses.” (3) No condolences from world leaders, no Eifel Tower or Brandenburg Gate markings for them.
And since the perpetrator of the London attack is dead, it will likely never be known whether it was a coincidence that the attack was on the first anniversary of three suicide bombers killing thirty two people and injuring three hundred and sixteen in Brussels on 22nd March 2016.“We think we know who the attacker is,” Acting Deputy Commissioner & national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing Mark Rowley said but stated that they were not willing to divulge the assailant’s name at this time, though they did admit that it “Islamic terrorism is our assumption.” A/Dep Cmsr Rowley: "At this stage - but it may change - we believe approx 40 people were injured including three police officers." London Ambulance Service says it has treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge.
A spokesman for the Port of London Authority, which looks after safety on the river, said a female member of the public had been recovered from the water near Westminster bridge after she "fell" or "jumped" in.
"He was running through those gates, towards parliament, and the police were chasing him." Impossible to be sure from here, but judging by the lack of resuscitation efforts it doesn't look good for either police officer or attacker According to Doug Weeks, terrorism expert at London Metropolitan University, the attack, while softened by the high security presence in the area, could have been far bloodier.The incident, which is being described by Scotland Yard as “a terrorist attack, until we know otherwise”, involved one male who drove into pedestrians on the pavement of Westminster Bridge, before crashing into the perimeter fence of the Houses of Parliament and stabbing an on-duty police officer with a large knife.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.That bright and eerie morning was our chance as British Members of Parliament to pay tributes in the Commons, to thank the ordinary heroes of the day and to remind those who seek to do us harm that we will not cave to terrorism.
And we'll also send you a weekly newsletter with the best new ideas in politics and philosophy of culture, which you can of course unsubscribe from at any time Email Prospect may process your personal information for our legitimate business purposes, to provide you with our newsletter, subscription offers and other relevant information.
Comments No comments yet Prospect's free newsletter The big ideas that are shaping our world—straight to your inbox.The attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a policeman before he was shot by armed officers.A Met Police officer lays a bouquet at the scene as the force remembered PC Palmer An officer comforts a tearful collague as tributes were paid to the victims of the attack One police officer wiped away a tear as Westminster fell silent today (left) and another paid a personal tribute to the victims (right) Speaker John Bercow asked members in the House of Commons chamber to pause 'in respectful memory' of those who died on March 22 last year.
It spread across the bridge like a snake, driving to left and right, killing and harming' Khalid Masood (right) launched his sickening attack on March 22, 2017, mowing down and killing four pedestrians before stabbing unarmed Pc Palmer (left) as he stood guard Culture Secretary Matt Hancock said: 'I'm sure the whole House will want to associate ourselves to mark the memory of those who passed away a year ago, as we have just noted in the one minute's silence, and to thank once more the emergency services who keep us safe and, especially on this day, those who put others' safety ahead of their own.
They will not be forgotten.' Labour's Barry Sheerman (Huddersfield) said: 'While thinking of the victims of the terrorist outrage last year, I think all of us on the benches hope that the families of those people who were tragically killed have been looked after.' RELATED ARTICLES Share this article Share Sports minister Tracey Crouch, in her reply, said: 'Pc Keith Palmer was an avid Charlton Athletic fan and it was only right that the club actually respected him by turning his usual red seat in The Valley white with his number written on it, so his memory will always live on at the football club.' MP Tobias Ellwood broke down on television today as he recalled the moment he comforted his young son after he had tried in vain to save the life of Pc Palmer in the Palace of Westminster.
'Most of all I will remember him as a family man who idolised his wife, daughter and his family; they're the important ones that I think about a year on from the Westminster attack.' Mr Ellwood, a former Army officer whose brother Jonathan was killed in the 2002 Bali terror atrocity, has paid tribute to the police for their work in a country 'that seems to be getting more dangerous and more volatile'.
This harrowing picture of Mr Ellwood as he and members of the emergency services desperately tried to save Pc Palmer's life became one of the defining images of the attack Pc Palmer (pictured posing for a photo at the Palace of Westminster), was 'a proud and courageous police officer who did his job and never wanted any fuss', his friend has said MET POLICE PAY TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS It read: '22nd March 2017 is a day that remains vivid in many of our minds.
We owe it to them to carry on with courage, professionalism and determination; to do our very best to prevent future attacks and keep people safe.' Mr Ellwood told the host today: 'Huge respect to all police officers, because they don't know how their day is going to unfold and they just go to work and get on with it.The families of Kurt Cochran, who was killed in the Westminster terror attack, and his wife Melissa, who was badly injured, found out they had been hurt when they recognised them in photographs posted online.The families of Kurt Cochran, who was killed in the Westminster terror attack, and his wife Melissa, who was badly injured, found out they had been hurt when they recognised them in photographs posted online.Home Secretary Amber Rudd has called the attack on “our shared values”, but said they would never be destroyed.
The British people will be united in working together to defeat those who would harm our shared values.
Our hearts go out to their family and our thoughts are with them and their colleagues at this terrible time along with others who have been injured today.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.At about 6pm, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, Mark Rowley, confirms four people were killed, including the policeman and his attacker.The victims included Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old police officer who was stabbed to death, and two members of the public - a woman in her mid-40s and a man in his mid-50s.
Earlier on Thursday, police said eight people had been arrested after raids on six homes in London, Birmingham and other parts of the country in their investigation into the attack, in which a man ploughed into pedestrians in a car and then went on a stabbing spree before being shot dead.Mayor Sadiq Khan said, “Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty — protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life.” James Cleverly, a lawmaker, said on Twitter that he had served in the Royal Artillery with Constable Palmer, calling him “a lovely man, a friend.” ■ Kurt Cochran, an American traveling in Europe with his wife, Melissa Payne Cochran, died of injuries sustained in the attack, according to a statement from the family issued through the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City.
On Thursday, the French Education Ministry said that the injured students from Brittany had been treated and that their conditions were no longer life-threatening.
There are more than 4,200 students in London on school trips from France, according to the Education Ministry.
Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of France expressed solidarity with “our British friends” hurt in the attack and offered “full support to the injured French pupils, their families and their classmates.” ■ Five South Koreans were among the 29 people hospitalized.
A 67-year-old woman, however, suffered a head injury when she was pushed by the fleeing crowd, according to South Korean news reports.
Ms. Cristea went into the Thames off Westminster Bridge when the assailant drove through the crowd, and news reports said she suffered serious head injuries and lung damage.CBSN 7 arrested as ISIS claims London terror attack LONDON -- Police in Britain arrested seven people in overnight raids in London, Birmingham and elsewhere in connection with the Wednesday attack on the Houses of Parliament by a knife-wielding man who first drove a vehicle down a crowded sidewalk.
An American man was also confirmed to have been among the three civilians killed in the first stage of the attack, on Westminster Bridge over the River Thames.
Speaking earlier Thursday morning, the top antiterrorism officer for the Metropolitan Police (Scotland Yard), Mark Rowley, said two civilians -- a woman in her 40s and a man in his 50s -- were killed, along with a police officer and the attacker.Westminster Bridge looked like a war zone yesterday following three minutes of carnage which left at least five dead and 29 injured after a terrorist went on a devastating rampage.
The terrorist, who was born in Britain and known to MI5, drove onto Westminster Bridge (pictured) at 2.38pm and left a path of destruction behind him, as shown in each of the images BLONDE WOMAN WHOSE HUSBAND WAS KILLED WAS LYING IN A POOL OF BLOOD ON WESTMINSTER BRIDGE Melissa Cochran, wife of US tourist Kurt who died, was left covered in blood on the pavement of Westminster Bridge and comforted by a passer-by.
Just seconds before, an unnamed man went on a three-minute rampage along Westminster Bridge, in an attack which killed four people - including a police officer.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Kurt Cochran's family say he was a 'good man and loving husband' The family of Kurt Cochran have issued a statement, through the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, after the American tourist was identified as the third victim of the attack in Westminster.
Tom Brake, a member of the House of Commons Commission and the former deputy leader of the Commons, told the Guardian that he thought the review of security at the Palace of Westminster would focus on Carriage Gates, the gates used by the attacker yesterday.
Brake said: There is the Carriage Gates issue.
On the World at One just now Alan Johnson, the Labour former home secretary, said that one problem yesterday was that the gates to New Palace Yard (the main entrance to the Palace of Westminster for cars) were open because a vote was taking place.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.Family pay tribute to Romanian tourist, 31, 'cruelly ripped from our lives' as she dies in hospital two weeks after she was thrown off Westminster Bridge during terror attack on the day her boyfriend planned to propose Andreea Cristea has died in hospital following Westminster Bridge terror attack The 31-year-old Romanian architect was thrown from the bridge in the atrocity Family said Andreea was 'most unique and life loving person you can imagine' Said she was 'cruelly and brutally ripped away from our lives in the most heartless and spiritless way' Her death brings the number of innocent victims who died in the attack to five After being rescued from the Thames by fire crews and rushed to hospital for treatment, Ms Cristea was diagnosed with a blood clot on the brain and underwent surgery.
The architect from Romania, died in hospital after she fell from Westminster Bridge Just days ago, Andrei Burnaz attack returned for a poignant vigil on the bridge in a wheelchair 'CRUELLY AND BRUTALLY RIPPED FROM OUR LIVES' A statement from Andreea's family together with her partner Andrei Burnaz, read: 'After fighting for her life for over two weeks, our beloved and irreplaceable Andreea - wonderful daughter, sister, partner, dedicated friend and the most unique and life loving person you can imagine - was cruelly and brutally ripped away from our lives in the most heartless and spiritless way.
Kurt Cochran was with his wife on the final day of a European trip to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary when he died in the attack Today the family of another of the victims appeared on Good Morning Britain to pay tribute and insist his death would not be in vain.
Sandy and Larry Murphy appeared on the ITV show and paid an emotional tribute to father-of-two Kurt Cochran Recalling the day they got the news, Mr Murphy said: 'I'd heard something briefly early that morning and then we got a call later that day from a family member who said they thought it was Kurt and Melissa who had been affected.' Mrs Murphy added: 'What are the odds?What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Mayor Sadiq Khan said, “Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty — protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life.” James Cleverly, a lawmaker, said on Twitter that he had served in the Royal Artillery with Constable Palmer, calling him “a lovely man, a friend.” ■ Kurt Cochran, an American traveling in Europe with his wife, Melissa Payne Cochran, died of injuries sustained in the attack, according to a statement from the family issued through the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City.
On Thursday, the French Education Ministry said that the injured students from Brittany had been treated and that their conditions were no longer life-threatening.
There are more than 4,200 students in London on school trips from France, according to the Education Ministry.
Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of France expressed solidarity with “our British friends” hurt in the attack and offered “full support to the injured French pupils, their families and their classmates.” ■ Five South Koreans were among the 29 people hospitalized.
A 67-year-old woman, however, suffered a head injury when she was pushed by the fleeing crowd, according to South Korean news reports.
Ms. Cristea went into the Thames off Westminster Bridge when the assailant drove through the crowd, and news reports said she suffered serious head injuries and lung damage.UK Parliament Attack: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know Armed police officer stand guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament on March 22.
(Getty) An attacker drove a SUV into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge, killing and wounding several others, crashed into a fence near the UK Parliament and then attacked police officers with a knife before he was shot by police.
At least five people were killed in the attack, including a police officer and the assailant, the London Metropolitan Police said at a press conference.
The BBC reported that a police officer was near the Houses of Parliament, located in central London, when the assailant tried to enter after fleeing from his car.
Police released a statement about the raids to national media that confirmed they took place in connection with the London attack.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.The Metropolitan police have been and continue to work tirelessly in providing their care and support during this very difficult time.” Police officers are among those expected to join together on Wednesday on Westminster Bridge to mark a week since the attack.
The Metropolitan Police Federation said the intention was to link hands across Westminster Bridge from the south to the north at the moment the attack began.
An inquest into the deaths of PC Keith Palmer, Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes opened at Westminster coroner’s court on Wednesday.Kurt Cochran: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know A Utah man who was the lone American fatality in the terror attack on London was on a dream vacation throughout Europe with his wife.
Melissa needs funds to help cover her regular monthly expenses and loss of income.” A friend wrote on Facebook, “My friends Melissa Payne Cochran and Kurt Cochran were the first two people injured in the London terror attacks.
💔 💔” Another relative wrote of the family’s heartwrenching loss: “With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran, he could not overcome the injuries he received in the London terror attacks.
A week before the London terror attack, Kurt Cochran posted photos from Germany.
“We see reports about terrorist attacks almost every day…but I guarantee you…nothing will send a shiver down your spine like finding out someone you know or love was a victim,” the friend wrote.Westminster terror attacker had been investigated by MI5 over violent extremism The Prime Minister confirmed the attacker was a British citizen who was known to the police and security services.
Members of the House of Parliament observe a minutes silence to pay respect to the victims of yesterday’s terror attack in Westminster (PA) Describing the terrorist, Mrs May said: “What I can confirm is that the man was British-born and that some years ago he was once investigated by MI5 in relation to concerns about violent extremism.Aysha Frade and Kurt Cochran, who were both killed in the London terror attack.
Composite: Facebook ‘We will miss Kurt beyond words’ Kurt Cochran was walking across Westminster Bridge with his wife, Melissa, on the last day of a trip to Europe when the car being driven by Khalid Masood struck him.
The couple’s family said they were the first to be hit when Masood accelerated his vehicle across the bridge towards Parliament Square, mounting the pavement and ploughing into crowds of tourists and Londoners going about their daily life.
“With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran,” said his sister-in-law Shantell Payne.
Family, colleagues and MPs pay tribute to PC Keith Palmer Read more Nate Kizerian, a longtime friend, said Cochran was a vital member of the local music scene.
Photograph: facebook ‘She was just such a lovely person’ Aysha Frade, 43, a mother of two who worked at a sixth-form college in London, had left work and was walking over the bridge to pick up her daughters from school when she was killed in the attack.
It’s a tragedy … there are people here in the town hall who knew her and her family and they’re deeply affected.” In London, where Frade lived with her family, neighbours and colleagues described her as a wonderful mother and a lovely person.