Fewer than 300 members of the far-right groups Britain First and the English Defence League turned up for their “march against terrorism”, a turnout castigated by opponents as a lame attempt to whip up Islamophobia in the wake of the Westminster attack.
The anti-Islam groups had organised separate demonstrations that finished on the Victoria Embankment, close to Westminster Bridge, where a terror attack 10 days ago killed four people and injured 50.Mark Rowley, assistant commissioner with the Metropolitan Police, said that police are not ready to publicly identify the attacker and they are continuing to investigate "his motivation, his preparation and his associates." The raids come after the attacker drove an SUV into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before crashing the vehicle into the gates of Parliament on Wednesday.
Mark Rowley, acting deputy commissioner and head of counterterrorism for British Metropolitan Police, said there were no known immediate threats in the wake of Wednesday's attack, but that authorities are being vigilant.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Barcelona, Copenhagen and every other great European city should also take note and begin to protect tourists and locals against mass murderers in secondhand saloons by accepting that heavy traffic and large crowds cannot mix.She said: "I’m proud to work in Luton, in a diverse culture and I’m sorry that I didn’t know more about him that I couldn’t do my public duty." PA Four people, including the attacker and a police officer who tried to stop him, died in the attack Scotland Yard said: “The man police believe to be responsible for the terrorist attack in Westminster yesterday, Wednesday, 22 March, has now been formally identified as Khalid Masood.
“Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.
“However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.Westminster terror attack: Theresa May’s statement to the Commons Share Mr Speaker, yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy.
At approximately 2:40pm yesterday, a single attacker drove his vehicle at speed into innocent pedestrians who were crossing Westminster Bridge, killing 2 people and injuring around 40 more.
I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
Hundreds of our police and security officers have been working through the night to establish everything possible about this attack – including its preparation, motivation and whether there were any associates involved in its planning.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.
But as is routine, the police together with the House authorities are reviewing the security of the Parliamentary estate, co-ordinated with the Cabinet Office, who have responsibility for the security measures in place around the government secure zone.5:55 p.m. Jordan's government spokesman says a deadly London attack by the extremist group Islamic State underscores the need for "coming all together to fight this evil." The group has claimed responsibility for the attack by a man who plowed an SUV into pedestrians and stabbed a police officer to death at Britain's Parliament.
Spokesman Mohammed Momani said Thursday that Jordan "strongly condemns" the attack and stands with Britain "in these difficult days." He said his country is fighting the group militarily and ideologically, and that "this evil and terrorism will be defeated sooner than later." 5:05 p.m. Britain's Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson says the fact that victims from the London attack came from 11 countries shows that "an attack on London is an attack on the world." Johnson, who is in New York to preside over the U.N. Security Council, told reporters Thursday he is confident the extremists will be defeated "because our values are superior ...
4:30 p.m. Theresa May's spokesman says the British prime minister has visited a London hospital to meet victims of Wednesday's attack.
The company says "our thoughts are very much with the victims of this terrible tragedy." 3:40 p.m. U.S. President Donald Trump is offering prayers and condolences to the family and friends of the Utah man killed in an Islamic State attack in London.
Trump tweeted Thursday that Kurt Cochran was "a great American," adding, "my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends." Cochran and his wife, Melissa, were on the last day of a special European trip celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary when an attacker plowed an SUV into pedestrians Wednesday on London's Westminster Bridge.
2:50 p.m. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, speaking on behalf of the U.N. Security Council, has strongly condemned the "cowardly terrorist attack" in London that killed or seriously injured "many innocent people." Johnson, who was presiding at a meeting of the U.N.'s most powerful body, opened Thursday's session with the statement on behalf of the council's 15 members.
He plowed an SUV into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, killing two and wounding dozens, then stabbed police officer Keith Palmer to death inside the gates of Parliament.
The busy bridge is a popular tourist site for visitors seeking selfies near Parliament and the London Eye. 13:20 p.m. Italy's ambassador to Britain says an Italian tourist who was injured when she was hit by the assailant's vehicle in Wednesday's attack is doing better.
The queen said in the statement Thursday that she looks forward "to visiting at a later date." 12:40 p.m. A British lawmaker has choked back tears as he remembered his friendship with the police officer killed on Wednesday's attack on Parliament.
Cleverly said the 48-year-old police officer, stabbed to death by an attacker trying to enter Parliament, was "a strong, professional public servant and it was a delight to meet him again only a few months after being elected." Prime Minister Theresa May said Palmer had "paid the ultimate sacrifice here at the heart of our democracy" and that the suggestion of posthumous recognition would be considered.
Meanwhile the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council, which includes Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain and Oman, described the attack as "a terrible crime that is incompatible with all values and principles of humanity." The Saudi Press Agency reports that Saudi Arabia's King Salman sent a cable of condolences to British Prime Minister Theresa May in which he says the kingdom "strongly condemns this terrorist act." London is a popular destination for thousands of Saudi and Arab Gulf tourists.
A knife-wielding attacker driving an SUV mowed down pedestrians, killing two on Westminster Bridge before breaching Parliament's grounds and fatally stabbing a police officer.
10:35 a.m. British Prime Minister Theresa May has delivered a defiant message after a deadly attack, saying "we are not afraid." May has told lawmakers in the House of Commons that "yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy, but today we meet as normal." She called the car and knife rampage that killed three victims "an attack on free people everywhere." 10:30 a.m. France's foreign minister says three French teenagers hospitalized after the attack outside London's Parliament are not in life-threatening condition.
Khan says that there have been "13 occasions over the last three or four years where attempts to terrorize us, to kill and to maim, have been thwarted." 10:05 a.m. Britain's defense secretary has praised the work of police officers after the attack outside Parliament by a knife-wielding man driving an SUV.
9:55 a.m. The Spanish Foreign Ministry says that a British national whose mother is Spanish has been identified as one of the people killed in the London attack.
A man driving an SUV plowed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge on Wednesday before he fatally stabbed a police officer on Parliament's grounds.
Three people were killed and many injured when a man mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and stabbed a police officer Wednesday.
In a letter to British Prime Minister Theresa May released by the Kremlin Thursday, Putin said the "forces of terror are acting in an increasingly treacherous and cynical way." He emphasized that "it's necessary to unite efforts of all members of international community to confront the terror threat." Putin offered condolences to the families of the victims and wished a quick recovery to those injured in Wednesday's attack.
7:50 a.m. British police say they believe the attacker who killed three people including a police officer outside Parliament acted alone and was "inspired by international terrorism." Metropolitan Police counterterrorism chief Mark Rowley says that police have raided six addresses and arrested seven people in connection with Wednesday's attack by a knife-wielding man who also mowed down pedestrians with an SUV.
A knife-wielding man went on the deadly rampage in the heart of Britain's seat of power Wednesday, plowing a car into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge before stabbing a police officer to death inside the gates of Parliament.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.This morning, though, Leave.EU, the leave campaign run by the Nigel Farage ally and onetime Ukip donor Arron Banks, has put out a lengthy statement essentially blaming the attack on mass immigration.Aysha Frade and Kurt Cochran, who were both killed in the London terror attack.
Composite: Facebook ‘We will miss Kurt beyond words’ Kurt Cochran was walking across Westminster Bridge with his wife, Melissa, on the last day of a trip to Europe when the car being driven by Khalid Masood struck him.
The couple’s family said they were the first to be hit when Masood accelerated his vehicle across the bridge towards Parliament Square, mounting the pavement and ploughing into crowds of tourists and Londoners going about their daily life.
“With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran,” said his sister-in-law Shantell Payne.
Family, colleagues and MPs pay tribute to PC Keith Palmer Read more Nate Kizerian, a longtime friend, said Cochran was a vital member of the local music scene.
Photograph: facebook ‘She was just such a lovely person’ Aysha Frade, 43, a mother of two who worked at a sixth-form college in London, had left work and was walking over the bridge to pick up her daughters from school when she was killed in the attack.
It’s a tragedy … there are people here in the town hall who knew her and her family and they’re deeply affected.” In London, where Frade lived with her family, neighbours and colleagues described her as a wonderful mother and a lovely person.(Photo by AFP) The British police have identified the attacker who struck in the heart of London on Wednesday as 52-year-old Khalid Masood.
(Photo by AFP) "What I can confirm is that the man was British-born and that some years ago he was once investigated by MI5 in relation to concerns about violent extremism," she told MPs on Thursday, a day after an attack outside the UK Parliament in London which also injured some 40 people.London’s Westminster Devout Muslim Terrorist Received Government Welfare Before Engaging In His Attack Thursday, March 30, 2017 7:57 % of readers think this story is Fact.
Terrorists receiving government welfare is a common theme discovered in many post-terror attack investigations.He always had a smile on his face.” Security at the Palace of Westminster is under intense scrutiny after the attack, report Rajeev Syal, Rowena Mason and Heather Stewart: A string of MPs identified Carriage Gates, the entrance on Parliament Square used by the attacker, as a vulnerable point as the officers most closely guarding it are not armed and the gate tends to be left open during parliamentary votes.
The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time.
Earlier on Thursday evening, Stephen Dorrell, chair of European Movement UK, said it would not go ahead, citing the extra burden on police following Wednesday’s terror attack.
My colleague Denis Campbell has spoken to NHS staff who were among the first to respond to Wednesday’s attack: It was a typically busy day in the emergency department at King’s College hospital when Dr Emer Sutherland started receiving text messages from relatives and friends.
“We are a major trauma centre so we are used to dealing every day with majorly injured patients, such as people who have been hit by a car or stabbed,” said Sutherland, who is the consultant clinical lead for the hospital’s A&E department.
The Metropolitan police had earlier said Masood was likely not to have been his birth name.- Three deaths confirmed Three people have died, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism police officer Mark Rowley announces in a news conference.
Seven people were arrested at six addresses following enquiries in London and Birmingham, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley tells journalists.
Rowley adds that police believe the attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism.You know, to lose a person we all know, so tragically, defending democracy, is not acceptable.” The 48-year-old officer, a husband and father, had served in the Metropolitan Police Service for 15 years and was a member of the specialist parliamentary and diplomatic protection command.Andreea Cristea was rescued from the cold river after the attack, in which a man identified as Khalid Masood drove his rented SUV into pedestrians on the bridge and then fatally stabbed a police officer at the Houses of Parliament.Prime Minister Theresa May told MPs that Masood, 52, was investigated by MI5 “some years ago” but was “not part of the current intelligence picture.” She added there was “no prior intelligence of his intent or the plot [for the Wednesday attack].” Police and security services monitor 3,000 Britons, mainly Islamists, regarded as capable of domestic terrorism.
And I expect there will be a discussion of how wise it is to allow violent extremists to associate with vulnerable criminals in prisons.” Richards said Masood became Muslim “without, one suspects, knowing a great deal about Islam.” “I suspect that he would have been a person with serious identity problems and vulnerable to the kind of extremist recruitment that happens both in prisons and indeed on the internet.” Top anti-terrorism cop hits out at ‘nonsense from armchair critics’ Meanwhile, Scotland Yard’s top anti-terrorism officer, Mark Rowley, has hit out at “armchair critics” who are criticizing security services following the Westminster attack.
Masood was described by police as a criminal with a 20-year record of offending, who had once been investigated for extremism but was assessed as low risk.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.The family of Westminster terror attack victim PC Keith Palmer say they are "overwhelmed" after a memorial fund in his name raised more than £736,000 in five days.Masood has a criminal background that stretches back into the early 1980s, though he wasn’t being investigated by U.K. intelligence prior to the attack.
2. Masood Had Been Investigated By British Authorities for ‘Extremism’ In the Past & Neighbors Called Him ‘Vampire’ British Prime Minister Theresa May said that Masood was known to British intelligence MI5 prior to the attack.
According to a report from Daily Mail, one of the raids took place at a flat belonging to Rohey Hydara, who apparently had lived with Masood in at least two different addresses.
Police released a statement about the raids to national media that confirmed they took place in connection with the London attack.Police close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
17:10 Full statement from Commander Harrington following the incident - full counter terrorism investigation underway 17:02 Police officer being treated at the scene 17:01KEY EVENT At least two dead.
At least two people have died after a knifeman brought terror to the heart of Westminster, mowing down pedestrians then stabbing a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
Eyewitnesses described scenes of terror as the attacker was shot several times as he approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
Others reported to have "catastrophic" injuries 16:46 Multiple casualties confirmed 16:44 London Eye locked down with people on board 16:40 Heidi Allen MP pays tribute to the police 16:32 "We knew it was something big" A witness who had just crossed the Thames from Parliament describes what he saw happen.“However, there are no official claims of the #Westminster attack.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “In these posts he is stated as a person who invites people to Islam, not as an isis member.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.More details are emerging about the French students injured on Westminster Bridge during the attack.
• Two people died on Westminster Bridge • At least 20 people have been injured, including three police officers who were returning from a commendation ceremony.
He said: “Please be vigilant you will see more police officers armed and unarmed on the streets of London.” • Police have deployed massive resources but they can call on the military if needed.
(By us, I mean the journalists and other people working in the Commons being held in Westminster Hall.) He says there has been a significant incident, and outside the building, New Palace Yard, is a crime scene.‘This is a war on people enjoying the benefits of a free society.’ Women at a police cordon set up following a terrorist attack on London Bridge and Borough Market.
The risk in those places isn’t likely to disappear any time soon, for they seem to encapsulate everything the murderers hate.
Even at a time as painful as this, the biggest risk is that we let the zealots rob us of what makes us who we are.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.Updated Attacker was British-born, had been investigated by MI-5 American man, British woman and police officer killed Police raid 6 addresses, arrest 8 The man who killed three people including a police officer and injured 40 outside Britain's Parliament on Wednesday was British-born and had been investigated by British intelligence "some years ago," said Prime Minister Theresa May. She said the man, who has not yet been named publicly, had been investigated by MI-5, the U.K.'s intelligence service, "in relation to concerns of violent extremism," but that he was not part of what she called the current intelligence picture, saying he was a "peripheral figure." The assailant sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, then ran through the gates of the nearby Parliament building and fatally stabbed an unarmed policeman before being shot dead.
(Stefan Rousseau/PA/Associated Press) ISIS, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, claimed responsibility for the attack, the group's Amaq news agency said on Thursday.
GRAPHIC WARNING: Security video shows SUV attack on London bridge0:31 MP tried to save officer's life The policeman has been identified as Keith Palmer, 48.The attack on Wednesday killed four people and injured 50 as Masood drove a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before stabbing a police officer — PC Keith Palmer — who died from his injuries.Officers from the Met's Counter Terrorism Command are searching another address in Birmingham, where the suspect is said to be known to police, and a flat in the Radford area of Nottingham over the attack, but have not arrested anyone else.
Forensic officers by the Ford Fiesta that crashed into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament today in the first terror attack in Britain this year The car was stopped in its tracks by a new security barrier designed to stop a lorryborne attack used in Nice or Berlin Cyclists abandoned their bikes after the collision with one being treated for injuries in the middle of the road as terror came to London's streets again Armed officers swamp a crumpled silver car after a rush hour crash at Westminster today that left two pedestrians needing hospital treatment The man in the left of the picture was arrested at the scene where two people were injured at just after 7.30am yesterday and he is refusing to speak to detectives.
Security sources say he is from the West Midlands CCTV footage of the car unearthed by the BBC shows the car on the wrong side of the road then swerve left, hitting cyclists and pedestrians before hitting a barrier Forensic officers were still at the scene where the Ford Fiesta crashed near the Houses of Parliament Other officers were seen loading abandoned bicycles into vans after the crash that involved 15 cyclists and pedestrians Counter Terrorism officers, supported by Nottinghamshire Police, undertook a search at a flat on Peveril Street in the Radford area of Nottingham Police officers searched the flat on Peveril Street in connection with the terror attack at Westminster earlier today This is the location of the barrier crash - just around the corner from where Khalid Masood killed six people in March 2017 Share this article The man looked dazed as he was dragged from the smoking silver Ford Fiesta by around a dozen armed officers who had their rifles trained on him.
Speaking at the Home Office, Mr Javid said: 'The briefing I have received from counter-terrorism police and the security services is that work is ongoing and they are doing everything they can to find out more about the incident.
A suspected terrorist arrested at gunpoint after ploughing a car into pedestrians near parliament is refusing to talk to police as detectives try to identify him, the Met's terror chief said today.
'Another man was also treated at the scene but didn't require hospital treatment.' Mr Basu said the suspect was the only person in the vehicle and was 'arrested at the scene by armed officers' and taken to a police station in south London.
'This has caused a great deal of disruption to those who live, work or were visiting this area.' Asked whether police were tailing the man before the incident, he said: 'There was not a police car in pursuit of the vehicle.' Scotland Yard said the crash is being treated as a 'terrorist incident'.
Counter-terror chief Neil Basu said that he appears to have been working alone and there is 'no intelligence at this time of further danger' to Londoners following the car attack.
As a suspected terrorist appears to have launched a carborne attack in London again, it also emerged: Ford Fiesta bought two months ago crashes into cyclists, pedestrians and then barriers outside Houses of Parliament at 7.30am; Armed officers seen leaping over barriers and training rifles on the car before dragging suspect from the driver's seat.
He is refusing to co-operate; Detectives investigate if attack was indiscriminate or aimed at two police officers manning checkpoint; Two people are treated in St Thomas' Hospital but several more were also treated at the scene and say car 'deliberately' swerved towards them; Giant 'terror cordon' surrounds Houses of Parliament but most MPs are away because of summer recess; Attack came 17 months after Khalid Masood's Westminster rampage killed six and tested new barriers installed to stop similar carnage happening again; Donald Trump wakes up and tweets about the Westminster terror incident and said: 'These animals are crazy and must be dealt with through toughness and strength!' A meeting of the Government's emergency cobra committee was held at 2pm today - but no cabinet ministers were expected to attend.
Prime Minister Theresa May is currently away in Switzerland on the second leg of her summer holiday but she said her thoughts were with those injured in the Westminster car crash and thanked the emergency services for their 'immediate and courageous' response.
Forensics officers have spent the say getting evidence from the Ford Fiesta, which was bought just two months ago First responders treat victims lying in the road on Parliament Square in an attack that did not claim any lives Bicycles are sat against a wall near the scene of the crash at the Houses of Parliament today This is the scene in the minutes after the crash and shows the vehicle was within the network of barriers outside Parliament.
These were increased after the terror attack there last year A forensics officer photographs the smashed remains of the Ford Fiesta next to a no 3 Routemaster bus and other abandoned vehicles Van after van of police have flooded the area and Parliament Square is likely to be closed for most of today as the terror investigation continues Forensics officers are examining the Ford Fiesta and Parliament Square but only after specialist officers and dogs checked it for weapons, explosives or chemicals A huge cordon only used in the event of terror attacks has been put in place spreading for a mile away from Parliament Square Witnesses are still being interviewed by the police and many described seeing the driver veer towards people hitting between 10 and 15 people This is the first suspected terror attack in Britain this year - there were five last year including four in the capital A police helicopter hovered over Parliament for several hours as officers tried to see if the suspect was working alone Trump blasts 'animal' after 'another terrorist attack in London' US President Donald Trump today branded the London terror suspect an 'animal'.
Two hours later they said they were keeping 'open mind' by counter-terror police took over the case Police closed off Westminster Bridge (pictured) and all major roads leading to Parliament Square in the aftermath of the crash Armed officers were among the hundreds of police who flooded into the Westminster area in the aftermath Westminster Tube was also closed as a precaution and is being patrolled by armed British Transport Police (pictured) The cordon has been extended along Millbank and around 200 officers are at the scene Members of the public and press were moved back further from the area as police put up a 'Terrorism Act cordon', according to an officer at the scene Suspected terror attack tests beefed up Westminster security Security measures around Westminster and on central London bridges were beefed up in the wake of terror attacks last year.
Security arrangements around Parliament are likely to come under fresh scrutiny at the forthcoming inquests into the deaths of five people including police officer Keith Palmer who were killed in the Westminster Bridge attack last year.
A police officer said: 'It is such a big cordon it's chaos at the moment but the public's safety is of course paramount.' Police evacuated dozens of people and cars from St James's Park as they extend their cordon around a vehicle which crashed earlier today.
The officer replied: 'It's looking that way.' British Transport Police (BTP) said it would be putting extra officers on patrols in England, Scotland and Wales today and into the evening following the Westminster terror attack.
A man poses for a photo on Westminster Bridge today after it was cordoned off to traffic Journalist Ben Lewis said it was 'bizarre' that a tourist photographed her daughter at the scene Today, Scotland Yard said the terror suspect accused of deliberately crashing a car outside the Houses of Parliament was not known to police or MI5.
In a statement after the suspected terror attack at Westminster, when a man in a Ford Fiesta mowed down cyclists before crashing into barriers around Parliament, the Prime Minister said the incident was'shocking'.
'We are there to reassure the travelling public so please don't be alarmed if you see our officers, including firearms officers, on your journey.' Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu said today (pictured) that there was 'no intelligence at this time of further danger' to Londoners following the attack Surrounding roads including Westminster Bridge, Abingdon Street and Whitehall all closed today, along with Westminster station on the London Underground.Says he was a "strong, professional public servant" pic.twitter.com/HhP2n5sMDV Theresa May's statement - Summary MPs from all sides of the Commons have been praising Theresa May for the tone and the language she used in her statement to the Commons about the Westminster terror attack.
May said that attacker was a British-born man who had been investigated in the past in relation to violent extremism, by only as “a peripheral figure”.
Two people were killed and about 40 more were injured, she said: In addition to 12 Britons admitted to hospital, we know that the victims include three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, one German, one Pole, one Irish, one Chinese, one Italian, one American and two Greeks.
Travis Frain, 19, who was injured in the Westminster terror attack went over the bonnet of the killer’s car as the carnage began, his mother said today.
She said France too had “felt the horror and trauma of terrible terrorist attacks.” Police officers like Keith Palmer put their lives on the line every day, she said.
It’s a fact often forgotten when people see the police officer walking on the streets that actually they do put their lives on the line for our safety and security.
I express my condolences to the family and friends of PC Keith Palmer, who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and our democracy – and to the loved ones of those still in a critical condition including the French schoolchildren visiting our capital from Concarneau in Brittany.
Innocent people were killed yesterday walking across Westminster Bridge as many millions of Londoners and tourists have done before them.
Theresa May's statement - further key extracts Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within twenty yards of the gates.
At approximately 2.40pm yesterday a single attacker drove his vehicle at speed into innocent pedestrians crossing Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring around 40 more.As the afternoon passed, it became seen not as the widely despised bastion of the political class, but a real place inhabited by office workers, tourists, security guards and groups of visiting schoolchildren.
But if people saw him today, they’d have seen a human being.Westminster attack: Video shows apparent security flaws Two men remain in custody in connection with Khalid Masood’s London rampage President Michael D Higgins and Taoiseach Enda Kenny attend the British embassy in Dublin to sign a book of condolence for the victims of the recent attack on Westminster.
Photograph: John Stillwell/PA Wire British parliamentarians have said the “soft” outer ring of security at the Palace of Westminster must be enhanced after a video showed the complex’s gates were left open and apparently unmanned after Wednesday’s terror attack, which left five people dead.
As armed officers swarm the cobbled forecourt after killing Masood, the footage shows that the iron gate which allows vehicles to enter parliament was apparently left wide open.
It said in a statement: “During his time in Saudi Arabia, Khalid Masood did not appear on the security services’ radar and does not have a criminal record in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia.” Details of Masood’s history of criminality have continued to come to light, suggesting a propensity for violence which laid the groundwork for his armed rampage on Wednesday.The third victim of the terror attack in Westminster has been named as American Kurt Cochran.
It said: “With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran, he could not overcome the injuries he received in the London terror attacks.
Melissa Payne Cochran is in the hospital with a broken leg, rib and a cut on her head but will recover from her injuries.
He said: “A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack.In this must-watch clip Maajid Nawaz delivers a message to Londoners about solidarity following the Westminster terror attack.
And Muslims stand with those who believe in secular liberal democratic values, just as the rest of Britain does as well.
"Eleven countries are represented by those victims, and that speaks to the great city that London is, so the cosmopolitan capital that it is.This is the moment a car careered across Westminster before mowing down pedestrians and smashing into barrier at 50mph during a ‘terror’ rampage The handcuffed driver, in his 20s and believed to be from the Midlands, was led away by armed cops after people were left injured in the “very sinister” smash at around 7.40am.
Sky News The driver of the silver car is led away from the scene by cops outside Parliament this morning A man, in his twenties, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Police surround the vehicle outside the Houses of Parliament this morning The driver is handcuffed after he drove his car into barriers outside Parliament this morning But cops said he is “not cooperating” as they try to establish the motive behind the attack.
Witness Barry Williams earlier said: “It did look like an attack… Once he hit the cyclists he accelerated towards the barrier.” The suspect is led away from the scene by armed cops following the chaos this morning The car speeds through Westminster before colliding into innocent victims The car swerves across the road after ploughing into cyclists in Westminster The car crashes into the anti-terror barriers outside of the Houses of Parliament Rex Features Officers investigate the car after it smashed into the barriers Chaos at the scene of the crash in Westminster this morning Smoke billows from the bonnet of the Fiesta after it crashed into anti-terror barriers Bus driver Victor Ogbomo, 49, was driving passengers past the front of Westminster when he saw the crash."However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH [grievous bodily harm], possession of offensive weapons and public order offences." People lit candles Thursday night at a vigil in Trafalgar Square in London the day after the attack.
After speeches and a minute's silence Amber Rudd, the home secretary MP, mayor Sadiq Khan and acting police commissioner Craig Mackey lit the three oversize candles to applause from the crowd Earlier, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said the attacker had been investigated by British intelligence "some years ago." May said he had been investigated by MI-5, the U.K.'s intelligence service, "in relation to concerns of violent extremism," but that he was not part of what she called the current intelligence picture, saying he was a "peripheral figure." GRAPHIC WARNING: Security video shows SUV attack on London bridge0:31 Masood sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, then ran through the gates of the nearby Parliament building and fatally stabbed an unarmed policeman before being shot dead.
One of the victims the March 22, 2017, London terror attack has been named as 43-year-old Aysha Frade.Speaking a short while ago, Met police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said PC Keith Palmer, who was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic protection command, had given 15 years’ service: He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift and he had every right to expect that would happen.She met a range of officers working in counter-terrorism, including some who were involved in Police Scotland's response to last week's attack in Westminster.
It is part of the UK Government's National Counter-Terrorism Exercise Programme and brings together partners from policing and security, the Armed Forces, UK Government departments and the devolved administrations to test responses to a major terrorist attack.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.5 killed in terror attack outside British Parliament Armed police officers stand on duty on The Embankment, near to the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 22, 2017, during an emergency incident.
/ AFP PHOTO / Joel FordJOEL FORD/AFP/Getty Images Police secure the area on the south side of Westminster Bridge close to the Houses of Parliament in London, Wednesday, March 22, 2017.
/ AFP PHOTO / Joel FordJOEL FORD/AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images Armed police officers stand on duty on The Embankment, near to the Houses of Parliament in Westminster, central London on March 22, 2017, during an emergency incident.
British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident.
British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident.
British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident.
(Photo by Jack Taylor/Getty Images) Police officers walk through Parliament in London, Wednesday, March 23, 2017 after the House of Commons sitting was suspended as witnesses reported sounds like gunfire outside.
David Liddington also said there were 'reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity.'(AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth) LONDON — A knife-wielding man went on a deadly rampage in the heart of Britain's seat of power Wednesday, plowing a car into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge before stabbing a police officer to death inside the gates of Parliament.
Five people were killed, including the assailant, and 40 others were injured in what Prime Minister Theresa May condemned as a “sick and depraved terrorist attack.” Lawmakers, lords, staff and visitors were locked down after the man was shot by police within the perimeter of Parliament, just yards from entrances to the building itself and in the shadow of the iconic Big Ben clock tower.“However, there are no official claims of the #Westminster attack.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “In these posts he is stated as a person who invites people to Islam, not as an isis member.0:36 Video:Key moments of London Attack Tragically, as the House will know, 48-year-old PC Keith Palmer was killed.
I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
And over the next five years we will invest an extra £2.5 billion in building our global security and intelligence network, employing over 1,900 additional staff at MI5, MI6 and GCHQ and more than doubling our global network of counter-terrorism experts working with priority countries across Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.A lot of police were screaming 'he's been stabbed in the head' Tony Davis, boxing coach who tried to revive PC Keith Palmer 'All of a sudden I saw a large chap brandishing two knives come through the gates and start attacking the policeman.
Captain Mike Crofts also helped at the scene after the police officer was attacked 'I thought how much courage it must have taken for him to run towards that and put someone else first.' Mr Davis later tweeted: 'Today was supposed to be a good day at House of Commons, but it weren't!
Good Samaritan: One of the victims holds a bloodied hand in the air as a woman cradles his head on Westminster Bridge yesterday Scene of horror: A victim - with shock in her eyes - is comforted by a passerby amid scattered tourist postcards A friend told the Telegraph: 'They were first on the scene and shouted for a medic, but soon realised they were probably the best trained there and didn't flinch.
An unnamed attacker mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge, mowing down pedestrians before he stabbed PC Palmer and was shot dead by police.
A group of concerned passers-by surround one of the victims who was injured on the bridge A bloodied man who was injured on Westminster Bridge is comforted by a group of people Three were killed and many were left with 'catastrophic' injuries amid a scene of horrifying carnage.
Doctors at St Thomas' Hospital – at the south end of the bridge – raced out to help, and described finding 'catastrophic injuries' A man lay on the white line between the bus lane and main carriageway, clutching his head 'I heard the clang of metal on the pavement.
He said: 'I heard what I thought was just a collision, then I looked through the window of the taxi and I saw someone down, obviously in great distress, and then I saw a second person down.
'Then I saw three more people down, one of them bleeding profusely.' Steve Voake, 55, of Somerset, said: 'I was just walking across the bridge and suddenly a bus stopped and everyone started screaming.
Eyewitnesses described seeing the 4x4 'zig zag' along the bridge, mowing down pedestrians Video footage taken in the aftermath of the attack showed people tending to the wounded 'I saw a trainer lying in the road and when I looked more closely I saw that there were a couple of bodies the other side of the road.
And when I looked over the side there was another body lying in the water with blood all around it.' Sri, a 32-year-old pharmacist heading home from work at St Thomas's Hospital, said: 'I fell to the ground as the car came towards us.They thought they were on a dream vacation but yesterday afternoon 'ISIS' attacker left Utah man crumpled and dead after hurling him over bridge and his wife bloodied and weeping in a pile of scattered postcards in image that went around the world Kurt and Melissa Cochran were the first pedestrians hit on Westminster Bridge Mr Cochran, 54, was hurled over the edge and on to a walkway beneath it His wife lay frozen on the bridge with a broken leg as strangers tended to her Photos of them at the bridge swept the world as news of the attack spread Mr Cochran died and his 46-year-old wife is recovering in hospital in the UK The pair were touring Europe to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary London, where Mrs Cochran's parents work as missionaries, was their final stop President Trump paid tribute to Mr Cochran as a 'great American' on Thursday A Utah couple celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary on a dream tour of Europe are among the victims of the London terror attack.
Kurt Cochran, 54, died after being thrown over Westminster Bridge onto a walkway beneath it when ISIS terrorist Khalid Masood mowed him down in his Hyundai 4x4.
The pair have run a recording studio from their Utah home for the last 10 years They were in London as part of a tour of Europe when they were struck on Wednesday afternoon President Trump paid tribute to the man as a 'great American' on Thursday morning Mrs Cochran's family is fundraising on her behalf while she reels from the tragedy She is currently in a London hospital recovering from a broken leg and a broken rib Mr Cochran's sister-in-law paid tribute to him as a 'hero' while his brother-in-law said: 'Our hearts ache for her and their children in losing their loving companion and father.
PC Keith Palmer died after being stabbed by the terrorist at the Houses of Parliament ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attacks which also saw a policeman stabbed to death outside the Houses of Parliament Terrorist Khalid Masood was shot by police in New Palace Yard outside the Houses of Parliament.A suspected Islamist terrorist has been shot dead after killing three people and injuring 40 more in a car and knife attack on London's Westminster Bridge and inside the grounds of the Houses of Parliament.Salih Khater, 29, (pictured) who veered off the road careering into pedestrians and cyclists at Parliament Square, faced a Home Office probe over his citizenship application and had recently been thrown out of university Anwar Khater (pictured) told ITV News that Salih Khater 'definitely' did not mean to mow down people outside the Houses of Parliament during the morning rush-hours yesterday But police believe he cruised the capital for six hours before deliberately ploughing his Ford Fiesta through crowds of cyclists and pedestrians before careering into terror-proof security barriers, narrowly missing two policemen.
This is the moment Khater was pulled from the Ford Fiesta and arrested after he hit cyclists, pedestrians and then a security barrier at full tilt yesterday morning The Westminster terror suspect was a big football fan and regularly played with friends, it is believed.
He also supported Aston Villa, a team near his Birmingham home CCTV has revealed that he drove from Birmingham to London late on Monday and spent six hours driving around the capital before finally launching the attack in Parliament Square Police have today released this close up image of his car in the aftermath of the attack as part of an appeal for the public to help trace his movements before the attack Khater lived in a flat in Sparkhill, home to one in 10 British jihadis already jailed over terrorist plots and police have raided two properties in Britain's second city and Nottingham overnight CCTV footage of the car unearthed by the BBC shows the car on the wrong side of the road then swerve left, hitting cyclists and pedestrians before hitting a barrier outside Parliament yesterday The car was stopped in its tracks by a new security barrier designed to stop a lorryborne attack used in Nice or Berlin Cyclists abandoned their bikes after the collision with one being treated for injuries in the middle of the road as terror came to London's streets again Share this article Share 17k shares The terror suspect has been described as a quiet loner who loved Aston Villa, Celine Dion, smoking shisha and whiling away time at an internet cafe below his old flat in the Sparkhill area of Birmingham.
As police investigate the motive behind the attack, it emerged: Sudanese-born Briton Salih Khater, 29, was the man arrested by police after his Ford Fiesta ploughed through pedestrians and cyclists before smashing into security barriers yesterday; Home Office understood to have been investigating potential irregularities in his successful British citizenship application; Muslim community in Birmingham say he told Sudanese friends he was heading to the embassy for a visa on the day of the attack; Police say suspect is not co-operating but have arrested him on suspicion of terror offences and attempted murder; Searches of his Birmingham council flat continue today and police are analysing PC from internet cafe he used on the day before launching attack; He drove from Birmingham to London on Monday night and spent time in Tottenham Court Road and Whitehall before circling Westminster until attack at 7.37am; Khater had recently failed courses in Birmingham and Coventry with friends saying he had problems with English; He is the son of millet farmers in Sudan and was devastated when his brother and father died in a car crash, friend says Parliament Square could be pedestrianised after another Westminster carborne attack; Friends say they are shocked he may have launched a terror attack.
I can't see it not being an accident - I couldn't see him hurting a fly, never mind a human being.' Yesterday Khater spent six hours stalking the streets of London before hurtling into 15 cyclists and driving at police officers manning a Westminster security barrier during the morning rush hour.
Since the Westminster Bridge attack in March last year, Ms Dick said there had been an increase in the number of armed officers and barriers in place to protect the capital's political heart.
But the commissioner, speaking ahead of a series of unrelated dawn raids that took place in Lewisham, south east London, on Wednesday said: 'As with anything there is a balance to be drawn.' She added: 'We are not going to give in, we are not going to just change our lifestyle, but it is important we take reasonable measures, as I think we have being doing over the last several months, to try and make sure that the most iconic sites, including those in central London, are well protected and should something happen there, that the police are able to respond very quickly with armed officers, which is exactly what we saw yesterday.' He vanished in 2011 and it led to an apology where Khater wrote mysteriously on social media: 'I promise I will not disappear again and I apologise for that thing'.
Today he is in a south London police station after he veered off the road careering into pedestrians and cyclists on Parliament Square, after spending the night cruising around in a Ford Fiesta bought two months ago.
Terrorist Khalid Masood, 52, had lived ten minutes away and ploughed a car into crowds on Westminster Bridge in London in March 2017, before abandoning his car then stabbing and killing unarmed PC Keith Palmer in a courtyard outside Parliament.
Khalid Masood (left) ploughed a car into crowds on Westminster Bridge in March 2017, before abandoning his vehicle then stabbing and killing unarmed PC Keith Palmer (right) and lived ten minutes from Khater A policeman points a gun at Masood on the ground at the Houses of Parliament in March 2017 Suspected terror attack tested beefed up Westminster security Security measures around Westminster and on central London bridges were beefed up in the wake of terror attacks last year.
Security arrangements around Parliament are likely to come under fresh scrutiny at the forthcoming inquests into the deaths of five people including police officer Keith Palmer who were killed in the Westminster Bridge attack last year.
Its windscreen hit her quite hard as she was trying to jump off to the left.' Police officers were spotted removing the damaged Ford Fiesta Khater used from the scene last night The car was written off by insurers last autumn and had failed an MOT as it had problems with headlights, a hand brake lever and the steering rack.
But it was put back on the road and sold again eight weeks ago The location of the barrier crash was just around the corner from where Khalid Masood killed five people in March 2017 Armed officers swamp a crumpled silver car after a rush hour crash at Westminster yesterday that left two pedestrians needing hospital treatment First responders treat victims lying in the road on Parliament Square in an attack that did not claim any lives Forensic officers by the Ford Fiesta that crashed into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in the first terror attack in Britain this year Bicycles are abandoned against a wall near the scene of the crash at the Houses of Parliament today How the Westminster car's current owner has been registered for only two months The car involved in today’s crash was a 2010 Ford Fiesta, first registered near Nottingham in March 2010.
But he added: 'Detectives from the counter-terrorism command are making various other urgent enquiries to ensure that there is no outstanding risk to the public.' BTP said anybody with concerns following the incident outside the Houses of Parliament can speak to a member of rail staff or a police officer.
He added: 'The briefing I have received from counter-terrorism police and the security services is that work is ongoing and they are doing everything they can to find out more about the incident.' How Sudanese immigrant who 'carried out parliament terror outrage' hails from British jihadi hotspot linked to past extremist plots and home to one in 10 convicted Islamic terrorists The Sudanese immigrant accused of trying to kill pedestrians in Parliament Square hails from a Midlands suburb considered a terror hotspot because of the extraordinary number of jihadis who have lived there.
Salih Khater, 29, a British citizen who moved to the UK from Sudan five years ago, lived in a flat in Sparkhill, an area of south Birmingham home to one in 10 UK extremists jailed over Islamic terrorist plots.
Khater (left) lived close to the home of Khalid Masood (right), who ploughed a car into crowds on Westminster Bridge in March 2017, before abandoning his vehicle then stabbing and killing unarmed PC Keith Palmer Abrini later became one of the world's most wanted men after 130 people died in ISIS attacks on Paris in 2015 - and was arrested after he accompanied suicide bombers into Brussels Airport where 33 died but he fled.
Today Khater is in a south London police station after veered off the road careering into pedestrians and cyclists on Parliament Square, after spending the night cruising around in a Ford Fiesta bought two months ago.
Sparkhill terror gang Naweed Ali, 29, Mohibur Rahman, 33, and Khobaib Hussain, 25, (left to right) were jailed for life last year over a plot to kill people with a car, knives and a bomb Imam Tarik Chadlioui, 43, (pictured) allegedly tried to recruit and radicalise fighters for ISIS as part of a terror cell from his home in the Sparkhill area of Birmingham.
How suspect drove from Birmingham to London overnight then staked out scene for 90 minutes before 'launching attack when sirens went off behind him' The alleged Westminster terrorist who stalked the streets of London for almost six hours was being followed by an ambulance with its sirens blaring just seconds before ploughing into 15 cyclists.
The man – named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin – was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour.
Britain was on a heightened state of alert last night after a car ploughed into cyclists outside Parliament in an apparent extremist attack Officials revealed that there were 676 live investigations being conducted by the security services and counter-terror police at the end of June, up from more than 500 three months earlier.
Last night Mr Wallace told 5 News: 'We have seen a shift since 2017 in the numbers of terrorist plots and the number of live investigations that are going on – both from the far-Right and Islamist extremists.' Asked if people should feel worried, he said: 'I think worried is the wrong word.
People should realise that this is at the moment going to be here to stay, that the shift in threat… is a phenomena of this generation.' The Prime Minister's official spokesman added: 'We have been clear that the threat from terrorism is one of the starkest we have faced, the nature of the threat is changing and so is our response.' Officials revealed that there were 676 live investigations being conducted by the security services and counter-terror police at the end of June, up from more than 500 three months earlier (pictured: armed police outside Westminster station yesterday).Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.The four others who died in the attack were Keith Palmer, 48, the unarmed police officer; Kurt Cochran, 54, an American tourist who was traveling with his wife to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary; Aysha Frade, 43, a teacher who was on her way to pick up her two young daughters; and Leslie Rhodes, 75, a retired window cleaner from south London.Ibrahim Dogus, who owns three restaurants in the area, kept his Belvedere Road Kurdish establishment, Troia, open and refused payment from emergency staff who were working at nearby Westminster Bridge.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.She confirmed that a single attacker drove a car into pedestrians walking on Westminster Bridge, killing two of them, before running with a knife through the front gates of the Palace of Westminster, where he killed a police officer before being shot dead.
"For those of us who were in Parliament at the time of this attack, these events provide a particular reminder of the exceptional bravery of our police and security services who risk their lives to keep us safe.
"Once again today, these exceptional men and women ran towards the danger, even as they encouraged others to move the other way." Eyewitnesses described scenes of terror as the attacker was shot several times as he approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
He's been shot pic.twitter.com/aYNktTiF4d Colleen Anderson, a junior doctor at St Thomas' hospital, said a woman was killed as the attacker drove a grey Hyundai across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster.
"The Prime Minister is being kept updated and will shortly chair COBR." The White House said US President Donald Trump spoke with Mrs May to "offer his condolences on today's terror attack in London and his praise for the effective response of security forces and first responders.
I just can't believe what I just saw." Thoughts and prayers for our brave police officers,security staff,parliamentary staff & members of the public Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said: "There has been a serious incident near to Parliament Square this afternoon which is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
"I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances." Pat Glass, MP for North-West Durham, said as the drama was unfolding: “I am locked in parliament.
“We are going to try to get as near as we can to the offices but Parliament would appear to be in lockdown.” One journalist in Portcullis House, which is opposite the Houses of Parliament, said they heard gunshots and were “in the middle of it” and didn’t know what was happening.
Thinking of all those dealing with the scenes outside." Sedgefield MP Phil Wilson told The Northern Echo he was not at Westminster as he was travelling north for a dental appointment but had spoken to his office worker who confirmed the Parliament building was in lock-down.
He said she was safe and was locked in a room and reported seeing “streams” of well-armed police on Westminster Bridge.A suspected terrorist attack in Westminster, London, which saw a car plough through a crowd of pedestrians and a man armed with a knife shot by police has the UK's capital in shock and parts in lockdown.
In October 2015, a 4Chan user may have predicted the Oregon school shooting that left 10 dead, including the perpetrator Christopher Harper-Mercer.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.The military defeat of Isis in Mosul, combined with the likely loss of its de facto Syrian capital at Raqqa later this year, means that the movement will no longer control a quasi-state more powerful than many members of the UN.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP But Isis is not going to go entirely out of business and one should not underestimate its capacity to survive.
We are seeing the end of Isis in Iraq and Syria as a force powerful enough to threaten established governments in Baghdad and Damascus as it was capable of doing less than three years ago.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.More details are emerging about the French students injured on Westminster Bridge during the attack.
• Two people died on Westminster Bridge • At least 20 people have been injured, including three police officers who were returning from a commendation ceremony.
He said: “Please be vigilant you will see more police officers armed and unarmed on the streets of London.” • Police have deployed massive resources but they can call on the military if needed.
(By us, I mean the journalists and other people working in the Commons being held in Westminster Hall.) He says there has been a significant incident, and outside the building, New Palace Yard, is a crime scene.Mourners fill Trafalgar Square after police identify British man who killed four people near parliament.
"Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack," a police statement said.
Police said eight people had been arrested after raids on six homes in London, Birmingham and other parts of the country in their investigation into the attack.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended.In the aftermath of the attack on Thursday, Payne paid tribute to Kurt on Facebook: "Our hearts are broken this day as we say goodbye to our dear brother-in-law Kurt.GETTY A huge crowd is paying respect to the victims of yesterday's London attack SWNS Police attend a vigil in Trafalgar Square this evening “Our hearts are with the family and friends of PC Keith Palmer of Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran and all those injured in the attack yesterday.
"We are strong in our values and proud in our country.” REUTERS Members of the public paying their respects to the victims this evening Three people were killed by terrorist Khalid Masood yesterday: PC Keith Palmer, who died stopping the attacker entering Parliament, US tourist Kurt Cochran, and mother-of-three Aysha Frade, who was killed as she walked to pick up her children from school.The families of Kurt Cochran, who was killed in the Westminster terror attack, and his wife Melissa, who was badly injured, found out they had been hurt when they recognised them in photographs posted online.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.The world begins to see Islam as the enemy, while Muslims and the teachings of Islam plead innocence of their actions, and condemn them just as much as others.
In fact, the case that droning innocent Muslims in foreign lands *is* the root cause of so-called terror attacks in the west, is a strong one.
To know our policy or to deny the consent for cookies use click here.Post to Facebook CancelSend Sent!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Matt Dunham, AP None Britain's Prince William, left, Kate the Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry, second right, walk with John Hall, the Dean of Westminster, second left, after William laid a wreath after their arrival for a "Service of Hope" at Westminster Abbey.
Daniel Leal-Olivas, AFP/Getty Images None The wreath laid by Britain's Prince William, Duke of Cambridge is pictured prior to a Service of Remembrance at Westminster Abbey in central London on April 5, 2017, following the March 22 Westminster terrorist attacks.Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Footage emerged purporting to show people lying injured in the road on Westminster Bridge.
I just can't believe what I just saw." Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The ambulance service was called at 2.40pm to Westminster Bridge.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now The Met Police have confirmed that four people have died and at least 20 have been injured in the attack.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.A police officer is given a floral tribute by a member of the public to lay as a tribute to PC Keith Palmer Colleague PC James Aitkenhead said: “Keith was a genuinely nice person — nobody had a bad word to say about him.
Top Met cop Mark Rowley said: "We are forensically examining a complicated crime scene that covers a wide area, and as with all investigations of this nature it will take us some time to work through the painstaking work necessary to get all of the relevant evidence." The scene inside Parliament Yard where the police officer was knifed to death The lockdown on Parliament, which saw hundreds of MPs and parliamentary staff kept inside Commons buildings for their safety, has now been lifted.Mayor Sadiq Khan said, “Keith Palmer was killed while bravely doing his duty — protecting our city and the heart of our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life.” James Cleverly, a lawmaker, said on Twitter that he had served in the Royal Artillery with Constable Palmer, calling him “a lovely man, a friend.” ■ Kurt Cochran, an American traveling in Europe with his wife, Melissa Payne Cochran, died of injuries sustained in the attack, according to a statement from the family issued through the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Salt Lake City.
On Thursday, the French Education Ministry said that the injured students from Brittany had been treated and that their conditions were no longer life-threatening.
There are more than 4,200 students in London on school trips from France, according to the Education Ministry.
Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of France expressed solidarity with “our British friends” hurt in the attack and offered “full support to the injured French pupils, their families and their classmates.” ■ Five South Koreans were among the 29 people hospitalized.
A 67-year-old woman, however, suffered a head injury when she was pushed by the fleeing crowd, according to South Korean news reports.
Ms. Cristea went into the Thames off Westminster Bridge when the assailant drove through the crowd, and news reports said she suffered serious head injuries and lung damage.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.An incident has occurred in Westminster and is being treated by the Metropolitan Police as a terrorist attack.
The attacker drove a vehicle towards the palace gates and stabbed people, killing a police officer.
The Metropolitan Police said: “Police were called at approx 2:40pm to reports of an incident at Westminster Bridge.Britain's zero-tolerance policy on Syria has filled our prisons with young jihadists already marginalised and isolated inside mainstream society 'Our prisons are now full of frustrated radical Islamist youths' ( Reuters ) The only predictable outcome of yesterday's terror atrocity in Westminster was the appearance of Nigel Farage on the US television networks, urging Americans to link the attack to failures in immigration controls.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Britain's zero-tolerance policy on Syria has filled our prisons with young jihadists already marginalised and isolated inside mainstream society.Police Scotland is due to lead on a counter terrorism operation later this year, and Mrs May told officers: "Obviously our thoughts are still with the family and friends of those who were killed in the attack that took place in London last week.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP “The instant response by the police and emergency services has been exemplary, and has been followed by the thorough investigation which is now under way.1:31 Video:Survivors and Royals attend attack memorial However, a Home Office spokesman later clarified that Mr Lewis was not on annual leave, or holiday, but confirmed he had not been at the service, saying the Home Secretary had been there to represent the department.But the man who killed four people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
"Next of kin have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained family liaison officers." Khalid Masood being treated by medics after he was shot outside the Palace of WestminsterCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA But by the time Masood went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." It comes as Scotland Yard disclosed that the eight people - three women and five men - arrested in London and Birmingham are being held on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
He seemed like a normal calm and kind family man, always with a smile on his face." The attacker mowed down pedestrians with a car on Westminster Bridge before crashing at the railings in front of Parliament.
But by the time Masood, 52, went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Minute's silence held around the world for London attack victims In pictures and video: tonight's vigil at Trafalgar Square After Wednesday's events, there was a determination throughout the city to carry on in the face of it all.
Pc Keith Palmer lost his lifeCredit: LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE In a moving service in the Chapel of Saint Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, the chaplain warned against the danger of thinking "an eye for an eye" and urged people to share memories of the "heroic contributions on that day when evil dared to show its face".
Ms Villiers said: "As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?" "The terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday was horrific and our thoughts are with all of those affected by it.
We are giving this investigation the highest priority and we will conclude it as soon as possible." Pupil of terror victim: I'm here to show that we're not going to let these people win A pupil of Westminster victim Aysha Frade, a Spanish teacher, who lost her life in the attack, has come to pay her respects in Trafalgar Square.
he seemed like a normal calm and kind family man' Patrick Sawer reports from Birmingham: A mother of three was left stunned after recognising Khalid Masood, the terrorist pictured on a stretcher after Wednesday's attack, as the man who had lived next to her for several months.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
But if I saw the three men who live there I wouldn't recognise them." Farhad Makanvand, landlord of the Birmingham property raided by counter-terror police late on WednesdayCredit: Michael Scott/Caters Mr Makanvand said he had been left "deeply shocked" by the sequence of events which culminated in the raid on his premises on Birmingham's Hagley Road.
Paul Nuttall: Muslim communities have to do more to root out 'this cancer of radicalisation' Speaking near Parliament, Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said the country must ensure there was no "knee-jerk" reaction after the "evil" attack and called on people to "come together and ensure that we move on forward".
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
The debate has now been put on hold until Tuesday March 28, when Holyrood is likely to vote to give the First Minister the authority to seek talks with Westminster over a section 30 agreement, the mechanism to transfer the powers for a legally-binding ballot to take place Statement from Islamic State, which singled out UK as next target The statement reads: "The attacker is a ISIS soldier who answered the call to attack countries participating in the anti-ISIS coalition." Josie Ensor, the Telegraph's Middle East Correspondent, reports the group's late spokesman, Abu Mohammed Adnani's, previously called on followers abroad: "If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet, then single out the disbelieving American, Frenchman, or any of their allies.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
Another man who have lived in the neighbouring flats said he was "scared and frightened" when he glanced out of the window and saw about a dozen armed police wearing Kevlar helmets and body armour in the street.
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Four people have died - a police officer, the attacker, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s The officer was Pc Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old husband and father with 15 years of police service Seven people have been arrested and six addresses raided across London, Birmingham and elsewhere The woman was killed on Westminster Bridge as a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a grey Hyundai It is believed the man was also killed in the incident on the bridge Seven people are in a critical condition, and 29 have been treated in hospital One woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water The attacker, armed with two large knives, jumped out of the car after smashing it into the railings encircling the Palace of Westminster, fatally stabbing Pc Palmer as he entered the grounds.
A large area around the Palace of Westminster, including Parliament Square and Westminster Bridge, remained cordoned off on Thursday morning, but staff were able to access the building and return to work.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
He said: "They have been working right through the night, looking into his background, how he got hold of the vehicle, where the vehicle has been in the last day or two, and who may, or may not, have helped him." Asked if he was known to police, Sir Michael said: "I can't confirm that, you will have to ask the police that." Full statement from Mark Rowley, senior anti-terror officer Here is the full statement on the Westminster terror attack made by Mark Rowley just now: "Good morning - I am here to update you on our ongoing counter-terrorism operation following the horrific attack in Westminster.
Thank you." Video: Attacker killed three; 29 treated in hospital Latest summary from overnight Armed police have carried out an overnight raid on a Birmingham property, which was reportedly linked to the attack in Westminster on Wednesday.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
A brave man." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circledCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA The killer managed to get in through a vehicle gate in New Palace Yard – used by the Prime Minister and other members of the Government – because it was not locked.“Thank you for all that you do to keep us safe, no matter the danger, no matter the cost.” A Met Police spokesman said: “We hosted a commendation ceremony to recognise those officers who took part in the responses to the attacks at Westminster Bridge and London Bridge last year.Keith Palmer, 48, was stabbed to death outside Parliament by the attacker who brought carnage to London yesterday, mowing down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, killing three and injuring around 40 more.
A Hyundai 4x4 drove along the pavement on the crowded bridge, knocking down the public before crashing into a fence below Big Ben. The killer, described by witnesses as 'middle-aged and Asian', then managed to break into the grounds of Parliament, where he fatally stabbed Mr Palmer - who had 15 years service with the police - with two knives.
The attacker - who was shot at least twice by armed officers guarding the building - died after he was taken to hospital while married husband and father Mr Palmer - a former soldier in the Royal Artillery - died at the scene.
Scroll down for videos Police officer Keith Palmer was killed by a knifeman before the attacker was shot by other officers outside Parliament.
Emergency services desperately tried to save him, pictured, but he succumbed to his wounds Mr Palmer, 48, pictured, was a husband and father and said to have served with the Met Police for 15 years MP James Cleverly said he had known PC Palmer for 25 years after previously serving in the Royal Artillery with him, describing him as a 'lovely man and friend' The suspected terrorist, pictured on a stretcher, is also dead, along with three pedestrians killed when the attacker drove a 4x4 across Westminster Bridge, ploughing down and seriously injuring at least 20.
He killed four people Two knives lay on the cobbles in front of Parliament after the attacker was shot by armed police protecting the building PC Palmer was a member of the Parliamentary Diplomatic Protection Command and had served on the force for 15 years.
'My heart goes out to his family, friends and colleagues.' People on social media were quick to pay tribute to PC Palmer tonight, praising his bravery and service to the public Others called the officer - who is a father and husband - a 'fallen hero' and vowed London was 'not afraid' of terrorism London Mayor Sadiq Khan said PC Palmer was killed 'protecting our city and our democracy from those who want to destroy our way of life' Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served alongside Keith Palmer in the army, said he was ‘heartbroken’ and paid tribute to his friend.
This was the scene in the immediate aftermath of the attack, after the attacker entered the grounds of Parliament A patient believed to be the woman who plunged into the River Thames during the horrific terror attack is pictured here being treated in Westminster There were disturbing scenes on Westminster Bridge where at least 40 pedestrians were hurt after being knocked down by the car Members of the public rushed to help a man run down after the vehicle mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge Another woman was severely injured at a postcard stall opposite Big Ben following the horrific terror attack HOW TODAY'S EVENTS UNFOLDED 2.40pm: An attacker mows down several pedestrians as he drives a Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge before crashing it into railings then running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster and stabbing a police officer 2.41pm: Metropolitan Police and London Ambulance Service are called to a major incident 3.35pm: Police say the attack is being treated ‘as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise’ 4.10pm: Junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital says one woman has died and a number of others have been hurt - including some with ‘catastrophic’ injuries 4.45pm: Paramedics confirm they have treated at least ten patients on Westminster Bridge 4.49pm: Police Commander BJ Harrington says there were ‘a number of casualties’ in the attack ‘including police officers’.
4.51pm: Downing Street spokesman says Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later 5.40pm: Sources reveal the police officer stabbed at Parliament has died 6.01pm: Police say four people were killed in the attack, including the police officer and a man believed to be the attacker 6.56pm: Home Secretary Amber Rudd says the Government's top priority following the attack is ‘the security of its people’ It is currently known that: One woman was killed on Westminster Bridge after a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a car.
The attacker jumped out the car and fatally stabbed police officer Keith Palmer in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster.
A vehicle was seen on social media to have crashed into the fence of the palace At least two pedestrians were hurt near where the Hyundai crashed and were helped by police at the scene A man is thought to have jumped or been knocked from Westminster Bridge and lay with terrible injuries next to the Thames This was the scene on Embankment last night after the man either fell or was knocked from the bridge during the attack Pat McCormack, 21, from Washington in Tyne-on-Wear added: 'I saw him stabbing the officer in the back of the head and the back of the neck.
But, having been updated by police and security officials, I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians walking across Westminster Bridge, killing two people and injuring many more, including three police officers.
Speaking outside 10 Downing Street, Mrs May, pictured, also praised the work of the police and security services in their response to the London terror attack 'That is why it is a target for those who reject those values.
And never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart.' Extra armed police will be on the streets of the capital following the attack in Westminster, Sadiq Khan said as he vowed that 'Londoners will never be cowed by terrorism'.
The London Mayor said his thoughts were with the family of the Metropolitan Police officer who died 'doing his duty protecting our city'.
A woman leans down on Westminster Bridge to help another woman who was injured in this afternoon's attack in London Pieces of a car's undercarriage lay scattered on the pavement of Westminster Bridge as the public went to the aid of victims Westminster bridge was strewn with injured people who were treated on the road or carried to St Thomas' Hospital A pedestrian lies stricken on Westminster Bridge after reports a car knocked down people near the Houses Parliament 'London is the greatest city in the world and we stand together in the face of those who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life.
'I want to express my gratitude on behalf of all Londoners to the police and emergency services who have shown tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances.' An injured victim walks from the scene on Westminster Bridge where around 40 people were reported knocked down A woman was either knocked, jumped or fell in the River Thames during the attack but was rescued by boat crews French media are reporting that three French students were injured when the car ploughed into walkers on Westminster Bridge.
An aerial view of Westminster Bridge shows ambulance crews treating those who were mowed down by the attacker An aerial view of the scene shows the scene where victims inside Parliament were being treated A view from the opposite angle shows where the policeman was attacked in the shadow of Big Ben this afternoon An announcement made in Parliament said there was a suspicious package in a vehicle and the bomb squad had been called The attacker mowed down several pedestrians as he drove a grey Hyundai i40 across Westminster Bridge Around three shots rang out as the attacker ran through the gates into the front yard of the parliamentary compound.
'We would also like to express our gratitude to the police and all emergency services.' After the incident, Radoslaw Sikorski posted a video to Twitter purporting to show people lying injured in the road on Westminster Bridge.
An armed policeman is seen inside the Central Lobby in Parliament as they continue to patrol the area following the attack Students who were visiting Parliament were held in a safe room as the incident unfolded outside the building Staff gathered in Westminster Hall during a lockdown after members of the public were told to avoid the area MPs were seen gathered in Central Lobby during a lockdown in Parliament yesterday as terror took over Westminster The dramatic incident comes weeks after it was revealed that UK security services have foiled 13 potential attacks in less than four years, while counter-terrorism units are running more than 500 investigations at any time.
Either he or another attacker then burst through Old Palace Yard at the Houses of Parliament where a police officer was stabbed.
Witnesses said Mr Ellwood rushed to help the officer after he collapsed to the ground following the stabbing He was later pictured with bloodied hands talking to police following his heroic actions Mr Ellwood's brother Jonathan, who worker at the International School Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, was killed in the 2002 Bali bombings by a Islamist militant group Jemaah Islamiyah.
Eyewitnesses described scenes of terror when gunfire rang out as the attacker approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
He is pictured here with mother Caroline, right, at a 10 year memorial service in 2012 Commander BJ Harrington of the Metropolitan Police said there were 'a number of casualties' in the attack 'including police officers'.
Westminster police bundled Theresa May into a car and rushed her away from Parliament as terror attack unfolded Prime Minister Theresa May was rushed out of Parliament as it came under terrorist attack by a man wielding two seven-inch knives after murdering police and pedestrians.
Prime Minister Theresa May, pictured, was rushed out of Parliament as it came under terrorist attack yesterday MailOnline political editor James Tapsfield described hearing the 'bang' of the car smashing into the fence after its Westminster Bridge rampage and then the gunfire that followed when the terrorist was shot dead below his office.
People running like crazy.' Fellow Tory Michael Fabricant described a similar scene, saying: 'I was walking briskly to a vote when crowds of MPs rushed towards me saying that shots have been fired and shouts of 'get back'.' Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron tweeted shortly after news of the incident broke: 'Currently with a shell-shocked group of MPs at New Scotland Yard having been evacuated following the attack.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas tweeted: 'Locked in Commons with fellow MPs. Thoughts with innocent people hurt today and thanks as ever to Police & other staff working so hard here.' Labour's David Lammy wrote: 'Locked in the Commons Chamber but my heart goes out to the police officers, those hit by the car on the bridge and their families.
THEY WILL NOT DIVIDE US: HUSBAND OF MURDERED MP JO COX SPEAKS OUT ON PARLIAMENT 'TERROR ATTACK' Jo Cox MP (pictured at Parliament) was shot and stabbed outside a constituency surgery meeting last year by Thomas Mair The husband of murdered MP Jo Cox tweeted this afternoon that terrorists would not win - following a suspected terror attack at the Houses of Parliament.
As many as 1,500 extra policemen and women were drafted into the capital in the aftermath of 9/11 in a bid to shore up security at London's major attractions London on high alert: Police urge public to keep off streets of capital as they issue list of NO GO AREAS following Parliament terror attack Londoners have been warned to stay off the streets after one of the capital's busiest areas was placed one lockdown today after a police officer and at least three more people were killed in an attack on the Palace of Westminster.
Police asked people to avoid Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube Policewere out in force in Parliament Square (pictured), while they conducted searches of the surrounding area to make sure it was safe Parliament Square, usually packed with tourists coming to look at one of the nation's oldest and most iconic buildings.
People across London can expect to see armed officers at Tube stations and other significant areas as security services remain on high alert Usually rammed with cars ambling along the road, nose-to-bumper, this road in central London was closed to traffic and police offers appearing to be making their way home after a busy shift walk across the empty street He urged people in London to stay away from the area - usually populated by thousands of tourists visiting some of Britain's most iconic architecture - as police continue to investigate.
Turmoil: 20 people have been ploughed into by the car by the terrorist who was shot dead in the courtyard of Parliament 'I did not see him coming over the bridge but I saw everybody laying on the bridge, not moving.' Mr Adamou, who lives in central London, said he believed at least one woman had jumped into the Thames to escape.It also emerged today the attacker was known to MI5 after an investigation many years ago, but was considered 'peripheral' Masood had never been convicted of terror offences, although Theresa May revealed this morning that he had been on MI5's radar a number of years ago.
He has not been convicted for any terrorism offences.' Masood stabbed PC Keith Palmer to death with two knives outside parliament after killing mother-of-two Aysha Frade and US tourist Kurt Cochran as he ploughed along a crowded pavement on Westminster Bridge.
Terror group ISIS today claimed they inspired the attack which killed three and injured 29 others in Westminster yesterday Mother-of-two Aysha Frade (left), Metropolitan policeman Keith Palmer (centre) and US tourist Kurt Cochran (right) have been named as victims of the attack Searches continue at a number of addresses in Birmingham where police are trying to gather as much information as possible on Masood and any potential associates One of the other properties raided was a flat in this building in the Winson Green area of Birmingham.
Neighbour Iwona Romek said: 'I am very surprised, I cannot believe it.' Masood is believed to have moved around a number of address in recent years, including these houses in east London (left) and Winson Green, Birmingham (right) Theresa May revealed MI5 knew of the attacker but considered him a 'peripheral' figure who was 'not part of the current intelligence picture' Elsewhere today, hundreds of police swooped in dramatic raids across the nation making eight arrests.
Armed police stormed a flat on Hagley Road, Birmingham last night as part of six raids across the country following the Westminster attack.
The address is close to where the Hyundai used as a weapon in the attack was rented Police have been searching a three-storey townhouse in the Winson Green area of Birmingham and neighbours said Masood lived there for around seven months until December last year.
I just thought it was a normal family.' A team of heavily armed police in riot gear arrived in unmarked cars last night and stormed the flat in the east of the city By the time of the attack, Masood was living with friends in a flat above a restaurant in the city's Hagley Road, which was raided on Wednesday night.
'Our thoughts are very much with the victims of this terrible tragedy.' A police van remained outside a flat above a takeaway this morning as police revealed five other properties had been raided ARRESTS MADE BY THE MET OVERNIGHT A 39-year-old woman was arrested at an address in east London.
Armed police arrested eight people in total following raids on six properties in London and Birmingham as they attempt to find any associates Masood may have had.
Masood is also thought to have lived in London and there was a police presence outside Lucia Heights block of flats, in East London (close to the London Stadium) tonight Police are believed to be raiding the East London property in connection with yesterday's terror attack in Westminster Worshippers at the Al-Tawhid mosque in Leyton were surprised to learn of Masood's alleged links with the mosque The flat is one of six properties raided around the country, with armed officers storming the flat before detectives moved in Dozens of officers, some with weapons, were seen swooping an address near to the Bearwood area of the city last night What's happening in the investigation?
Police are on high alert after the terror attack in London on Wednesday which claimed the lives of three victims Three people and the attacker died in London on Wednesday afternoon after a man driving a Hyundai 4x4 crashed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before hurtling towards the gates of Parliament Police officers enter the property on Hagley Road in Birmingham.
Witnesses in the area said three people had been detained The road, which has a number of takeaways and restaurants, is said to have been closed at 11pm and reopened by 2am West Midlands Police gave a short statement which read: 'There is an ongoing police operation, no further details are being given at this stage' Speaking this morning, Mark Rowley, the Met's senior anti-terror officer, said: 'Hundreds of detectives have been working through the night and during that time I can confirm we have searched six addresses - and made seven arrests.
This is what we know: Husband and father Pc Keith Palmer, 48, was stabbed to death by terrorist at gates of Parliament Aysha Frade, 43, was on her way to meet her two children, aged eight and 11, when she was killed on Westminster Bridge Kurt Cochran, 54, from Utah was knocked off bridge and died A 75-year-old man died tonight Three French school children are in a critical condition last night.
Paying tribute to Pc Palmer, who had served the police for 15 years, Mr Rowley said: 'In Westminster we saw tragic events unfold, and our thoughts are with those who lost loved ones, those who were injured and all those affected by this attack.
Pc Keith Palmer, who was stabbed and died outside the Houses of Parliament, did not have a weapon and it was other armed officers who shot and killed the attacker.
The Hyundai, said the have been rented in Birmingham, crashed in at least 40 pedestrians before crashing into Parliament After stabbing and killing unarmed PC Keith Palmer in Parliament grounds, he was shot by an armed officer and later died It is understood the attacker was shot by a bodyguard of Defence Secretary Michael Fallon rather than Parliament police Former Met firearms officer Roger Gay said Britain may need to move away from the idea of 'traditional' unarmed policeman in important locations.
Ms Villiers said: 'As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?' HOW ISIS EXTREMISTS HAVE BROUGHT TERROR TO EUROPE The London terror attack is the latest in a deadly series of strikes linked to radical Islamists against European targets in the last two years.
ISIS claimed responsibility On November 13, 2015 France suffers its worst ever terror attack, when suicide bombers strike several targets in Paris, killing 130 people and wounding 350.
BELGIUM On March 22, 2016, a year to the day before the London attack, suicide attacks claimed by ISIS kill 32 people and wound more than 340 at Brussels airport and Maelbeek metro station, near the European Union headquarters.
On March 22, 2016, a year to the day before the London attack, suicide attacks claimed by ISIS kill 32 people and wound more than 340 at Brussels airport and Maelbeek metro station GERMANY On December 19, 2016, a man hijacks a truck, kills its Polish driver, and slams into a crowd of people at a packed Christmas market in Berlin, killing 12 people and injuring 48.Terrorists receiving government welfare is a common theme discovered in many post-terror attack investigations.
Several of the plotters of the Paris and Brussels terror attacks, including Paris mastermind Salah Abdeslam, are also known to have collected government welfare.Sunday 26 March 2017 16.29 EDT First published on Sunday 26 March 2017 06.49 EDT Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Brian Paddick, the Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman and a former deputy assistant commissioner in the Metropolitan police, said that giving the security services access to encrypted messages would be “neither a proportionate nor an effective response” to the Westminster attack.A third person, 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from Streatham, South London, was hit on the bridge and died on Thursday.
After flattening those on Westminster Bridge, Masood crashed the car into a barrier just outside the Houses of Parliament where he approached the unarmed police officer, PC Keith Palmer, who he stabbed.“We are a major trauma centre so we are used to dealing every day with majorly injured patients, such as people who have been hit by a car or stabbed,” said Sutherland, who is the consultant clinical lead for the hospital’s A&E department.
Junior doctor Colleen Anderson, 25, was among staff from St Thomas’ hospital who treated injured victims in the immediate aftermath of the attack.
I’ve said it before and I will say it again, I couldn’t be more proud to be a part of the NHS.” For Dr Fenella Wrigley, the medical director of the London ambulance service, Westminster Bridge was the second major terrorist attack she has been involved in.
A visual guide to the Westminster attack Read more “We did everything we could, in terms of basic life support and starting to triage injured people at the scene.” Dr Tony Joy was onboard London’s air ambulance, which landed in Parliament Square within six minutes of being alerted to the attack.Imagine British taxpayers funding this killer in the making while Muslim leaders in Britain whined about “islamophobia.” “London’s Westminster Terrorist Received Government Welfare Before Engaging In His Attack,” by Russ Read, Daily Caller, March 27, 2017: Khalid Masood, the radical ISIS terrorist responsible for London’s Westminster terror attack, did not have a job and was receiving government benefits before engaging in his attack.
Terrorists receiving government welfare is a common theme discovered in many post-terror attack investigations.
Geller Report's independent, investigative journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce.An attacker - now named as 52-year-old Khalid Masood - killed three pedestrians and injured around 40 other people as he mowed down members of the public with a car on Westminster Bridge at about 2:40pm, before crashing into the railings in front of Parliament.
A Scotland Yard spokesman said research into Masood's aliases was ongoing, adding: "Khalid Masood is not at this early stage believed to be his birth name." Mrs May told the Commons earlier, prior to the man being identified: "What I can confirm is that the man was British-born and that some years ago he was once investigated by MI5 in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
There was no prior intelligence of his intent or of the plot." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circled.Credit: PA One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." Searches are continuing at the flat today after it emerged that the killer's car had been hired nearby.
In a statement, Enterprise said: "We can confirm that the car used in the tragic attack in London yesterday afternoon was one of ours." The attacker's Hyundai 4x4 is seen just yards from the House of Commons after crashing into railings.
The South Korean Yonhap news agency said that five South Korean citizens were injured in the terror attack, including a 67-year-old woman who was in a serious condition.
When the attack happened Prime Minister Theresa May had just voted and was standing in members' lobby with other Tory MPs. She was seen being quickly ushered into a silver Jaguar in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster.The other victims have previously been named as Pc Keith Palmer, the police officer stabbed by the attacker, Aysha Frade and Kurt Cochran.Police are seeking to identify a man arrested on suspicion of terrorism after the silver Ford Fiesta he was driving collided with cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into security barriers just before 7.40am.
It was a loud bang." PA INJURIES: Multiple pedestrians have been hurt after the car crashed in Westminster In a statement, the Metropolitan Police said: "At 07:37am on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.“Initial analysis of Masood’s communications suggest he had no contact with them whatsoever.” GETTY Within 24 hours the group's propaganda agency said a "solder of Islamic State" was behind it Although Masood may have been inspired by Islamist terrorism, the wording of the statement suggests no direct involvement from IS.Photograph: Victoria Jones/PA Investigators now believe that the man responsible for the Westminster attack in March acted wholly alone in the planning and preparation for the first mass casualty terrorist atrocity to hit Britain in more than 10 years.
Westminster attacker acted alone and motive may never be known, say police Read more The investigation by Scotland Yard’s counter-terrorism command and MI5 has examined electronic items belonging to Masood.
Police chiefs said their armed response had improved since the 2013 terrorist attack in Woolwich, when it took 11 minutes to get the first firearms officers to the area.A police officer is given a floral tribute by a member of the public to lay as a tribute to PC Keith Palmer Colleague PC James Aitkenhead said: “Keith was a genuinely nice person — nobody had a bad word to say about him.
Top Met cop Mark Rowley said: "We are forensically examining a complicated crime scene that covers a wide area, and as with all investigations of this nature it will take us some time to work through the painstaking work necessary to get all of the relevant evidence." The scene inside Parliament Yard where the police officer was knifed to death The lockdown on Parliament, which saw hundreds of MPs and parliamentary staff kept inside Commons buildings for their safety, has now been lifted.- Three deaths confirmed Three people have died, Britain's most senior counter-terrorism police officer Mark Rowley announces in a news conference.
Seven people were arrested at six addresses following enquiries in London and Birmingham, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley tells journalists.
Rowley adds that police believe the attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Family members of US citizen Kurt Cochran, who was killed during the Westminster attack, embrace each other Andrei Burnaz, whose girlfriend Andreea Cristea was thrown from the bridge in last week's attack returns for the poignant event today in a wheelchair Mr Burnaz is one of many people holding flowers as they attend the vigil to remember the victims of last week's Westminster terrorist attack This group, believed to be Aysha Frade's relatives, including husband John (middle), carry roses across the bridge The Hands Across Westminster Bridge vigil sought to show that 'we will not be divided', linking 'all nations, faiths, orientation and sexes', organisers said Members of the public joined hands on the bridge in a show of solidarity, before honouring the victims of the attack in a minute's silence.
Some can be seen holding up banners and messages Another helicopter photograph shows the crowd in full on the bridge, in the exact areas where Khalid Masood carried out his rampage Hundreds of people have congregated on Westminster Bridge to mark seven days since the devastating terror attack on London which left four people dead Thousands of police officers and the general public stand in solidarity for the victims of the Westminster terror attack The Hands Across Westminster Bridge vigil sought to show that 'we will not be divided', linking 'all nations, faiths, orientation and sexes', organisers said Muslim men pray during an event to mark one week since a man drove his car into perdestrains on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a police officer in London Officers who attended the scene of the attack were urged to 'come to pay their respects, as well as victims, witnesses and anyone else', according to a statement on the Metropolitan Police Federation website Those gathered on the bridge fell silent at 2.40pm - the time the first call was made to police exactly seven days ago Share this article Share 1.7k shares Officers who attended the scene of the attack were urged to 'come to pay their respects, as well as victims, witnesses and anyone else', according to a statement on the Metropolitan Police Federation website.
Victims, witnesses and over 500 faith leaders from across the country link hands across Westminster Bridge from the south to the north Police officers congregated on Westminster Bridge this afternoon (pictured) to mark seven days since the devastating terror attack on London which left four people dead Children walk over Westminster Bridge during a vigil to remember the victims of last week's Westminster terrorist attack Police officers, many of whom were mourning the loss of their colleague PC Keith Palmer, stood side-by-side with those wearing T-shirts which said: 'I am a Muslim, ask me anything' Members of the public joined hands on the bridge in a show of solidarity, before honour the victims of the attack in a minute's silence March of solidarity by police officers across Westminster Bridge, a week on from the terror attack in London Zafir Malik, an imam from the association, said they were asked by the police to come along to show solidarity, and that they wanted to 'show that what happened here last week had nothing to do with the so-called religious aspect that this has been given'.
Those gathered on the bridge fell silent at 2.40pm - the time the first call was made to police exactly seven days ago Deputy Commissioner Craig Mackey of the Metropolitan Police speaks to the media after observing a minute's silence outside New Scotland Yard during a vigil to remember the victims of last week's terror attack The Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association was also involved.
Khalid Masood launched an 82-second rampage, driving at pedestrians on the bridge before stabbing PC Keith Palmer in the Palace of Westminster's cobbled forecourt Among the people he mowed down on the bridge were American Kurt Cochran, 54 (right), who died, and his girlfriend Melissa (left who is still in hospital) Two men arrested in connection with the investigation remain in custody after police requested warrants for further detention.Rowley said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of civilians and three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
“Immediately it came to mind this was a terrorist attack.” Polish politician and journalist Radoslaw Sikorski posted a video on Twitter of the aftermath on the bridge, showing several injured people lying on the ground.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.But the man who killed four people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
"Next of kin have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained family liaison officers." Khalid Masood being treated by medics after he was shot outside the Palace of WestminsterCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA But by the time Masood went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." It comes as Scotland Yard disclosed that the eight people - three women and five men - arrested in London and Birmingham are being held on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
He seemed like a normal calm and kind family man, always with a smile on his face." The attacker mowed down pedestrians with a car on Westminster Bridge before crashing at the railings in front of Parliament.
But by the time Masood, 52, went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Minute's silence held around the world for London attack victims In pictures and video: tonight's vigil at Trafalgar Square After Wednesday's events, there was a determination throughout the city to carry on in the face of it all.
Pc Keith Palmer lost his lifeCredit: LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE In a moving service in the Chapel of Saint Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, the chaplain warned against the danger of thinking "an eye for an eye" and urged people to share memories of the "heroic contributions on that day when evil dared to show its face".
Ms Villiers said: "As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?" "The terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday was horrific and our thoughts are with all of those affected by it.
We are giving this investigation the highest priority and we will conclude it as soon as possible." Pupil of terror victim: I'm here to show that we're not going to let these people win A pupil of Westminster victim Aysha Frade, a Spanish teacher, who lost her life in the attack, has come to pay her respects in Trafalgar Square.
he seemed like a normal calm and kind family man' Patrick Sawer reports from Birmingham: A mother of three was left stunned after recognising Khalid Masood, the terrorist pictured on a stretcher after Wednesday's attack, as the man who had lived next to her for several months.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
But if I saw the three men who live there I wouldn't recognise them." Farhad Makanvand, landlord of the Birmingham property raided by counter-terror police late on WednesdayCredit: Michael Scott/Caters Mr Makanvand said he had been left "deeply shocked" by the sequence of events which culminated in the raid on his premises on Birmingham's Hagley Road.
Paul Nuttall: Muslim communities have to do more to root out 'this cancer of radicalisation' Speaking near Parliament, Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said the country must ensure there was no "knee-jerk" reaction after the "evil" attack and called on people to "come together and ensure that we move on forward".
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
The debate has now been put on hold until Tuesday March 28, when Holyrood is likely to vote to give the First Minister the authority to seek talks with Westminster over a section 30 agreement, the mechanism to transfer the powers for a legally-binding ballot to take place Statement from Islamic State, which singled out UK as next target The statement reads: "The attacker is a ISIS soldier who answered the call to attack countries participating in the anti-ISIS coalition." Josie Ensor, the Telegraph's Middle East Correspondent, reports the group's late spokesman, Abu Mohammed Adnani's, previously called on followers abroad: "If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet, then single out the disbelieving American, Frenchman, or any of their allies.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
Another man who have lived in the neighbouring flats said he was "scared and frightened" when he glanced out of the window and saw about a dozen armed police wearing Kevlar helmets and body armour in the street.
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Four people have died - a police officer, the attacker, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s The officer was Pc Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old husband and father with 15 years of police service Seven people have been arrested and six addresses raided across London, Birmingham and elsewhere The woman was killed on Westminster Bridge as a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a grey Hyundai It is believed the man was also killed in the incident on the bridge Seven people are in a critical condition, and 29 have been treated in hospital One woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water The attacker, armed with two large knives, jumped out of the car after smashing it into the railings encircling the Palace of Westminster, fatally stabbing Pc Palmer as he entered the grounds.
A large area around the Palace of Westminster, including Parliament Square and Westminster Bridge, remained cordoned off on Thursday morning, but staff were able to access the building and return to work.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
He said: "They have been working right through the night, looking into his background, how he got hold of the vehicle, where the vehicle has been in the last day or two, and who may, or may not, have helped him." Asked if he was known to police, Sir Michael said: "I can't confirm that, you will have to ask the police that." Full statement from Mark Rowley, senior anti-terror officer Here is the full statement on the Westminster terror attack made by Mark Rowley just now: "Good morning - I am here to update you on our ongoing counter-terrorism operation following the horrific attack in Westminster.
Thank you." Video: Attacker killed three; 29 treated in hospital Latest summary from overnight Armed police have carried out an overnight raid on a Birmingham property, which was reportedly linked to the attack in Westminster on Wednesday.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
A brave man." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circledCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA The killer managed to get in through a vehicle gate in New Palace Yard – used by the Prime Minister and other members of the Government – because it was not locked.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP “Isis is far from being a centralised organisation,” Dr Mansour told The Independent.
Abu Muhammad al-Adnani led Isis’ calls for lone wolf attacks before being killed in an air strike (AP) Since Adnani’s death, Isis propaganda has continued inciting terror attacks in Europe, the US, Australia and other countries supporting military operations against its fighters.He always had a smile on his face.” Security at the Palace of Westminster is under intense scrutiny after the attack, report Rajeev Syal, Rowena Mason and Heather Stewart: A string of MPs identified Carriage Gates, the entrance on Parliament Square used by the attacker, as a vulnerable point as the officers most closely guarding it are not armed and the gate tends to be left open during parliamentary votes.
The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time.
Earlier on Thursday evening, Stephen Dorrell, chair of European Movement UK, said it would not go ahead, citing the extra burden on police following Wednesday’s terror attack.
My colleague Denis Campbell has spoken to NHS staff who were among the first to respond to Wednesday’s attack: It was a typically busy day in the emergency department at King’s College hospital when Dr Emer Sutherland started receiving text messages from relatives and friends.
“We are a major trauma centre so we are used to dealing every day with majorly injured patients, such as people who have been hit by a car or stabbed,” said Sutherland, who is the consultant clinical lead for the hospital’s A&E department.
The Metropolitan police had earlier said Masood was likely not to have been his birth name.Pages Friday, 28 April 2017 Another London Westminster Attack Terror With Rucksack Full Of Knives Detained Armed police 'swarmed like bees' on the bearded man just before 2.30pm after his concerned family reportedly alerted security services.
Witnesses said the man, who was wearing a tracksuit and trainers, was crossing Whitehall amid the usual crowds of tourists and political staff when a police car suddenly pulled up and officers confronted him, just five weeks after the Westminster terror attack killed that five people.
' The area was sealed off as Scotland Yard's forensics experts scoured the scene, where at least three knives and a rucksack were seen laying on the ground on a central reservation.
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: 'A man has been arrested in Whitehall this afternoon, at approximately 14:22, following a stop and search as part of an ongoing operation.Images from this afternoon’s incident show gun cops arresting the suspect -close to the junction of Parliament Street and Westminster Bridge Road on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and preparing acts of terrorism.
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "The man, aged in his late twenties, was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon and on suspicion of the commission, preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism.
"He is being detained under the Terrorism Act and is in custody in a South London police station.".Police close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.
17:10 Full statement from Commander Harrington following the incident - full counter terrorism investigation underway 17:02 Police officer being treated at the scene 17:01KEY EVENT At least two dead.
At least two people have died after a knifeman brought terror to the heart of Westminster, mowing down pedestrians then stabbing a policeman before being shot by armed officers.
Eyewitnesses described scenes of terror as the attacker was shot several times as he approached a second officer within yards of the Houses of Parliament.
Others reported to have "catastrophic" injuries 16:46 Multiple casualties confirmed 16:44 London Eye locked down with people on board 16:40 Heidi Allen MP pays tribute to the police 16:32 "We knew it was something big" A witness who had just crossed the Thames from Parliament describes what he saw happen.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.
The dead included the assailant and the policeman he stabbed, while the other two victims were among the pedestrians hit by the car as it tore along Westminster Bridge, which is right next to parliament.Prime Minister Theresa May told MPs he was a "peripheral" figure, adding: "He was not part of the current intelligence picture." Delivering a defiant message to a packed House of Commons, Mrs May said: "We will never waver in the face of terrorism." A statement released through IS's Aamaq news agency said the attacker was a "soldier of the Islamic State".
According to the SITE Intel Group, which monitors jihadist groups, the IS statement said: "The attacker yesterday in front of the British Parliament in London was a soldier of the Islamic State executing the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations." The Prime Minister addressed MPs as they gathered at the usual time inside the Palace of Westminster, which a day earlier had come under attack from the knife-wielding terrorist.Clint Payne, Mr Cochran's brother-in-law, said: "This has been a humbling and difficult experience but we have felt the love of so many people during these past several days.I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
As Acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.
But as is routine, the police together with the House authorities are reviewing the security of the Parliamentary estate, co-ordinated with the Cabinet Office, who have responsibility for the security measures in place around the government secure zone.
On behalf of the whole country I want to pay tribute to them for the work they have been doing to reassure the public, treat the injured and bring security back to the streets of our capital city.
Mr Speaker, let this be the message from this House and this nation today: our values will prevail.A bigger picture of the final hours and violent past of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood is being created by detectives who are trying to find out if he acted alone or had support.
Share this A bigger picture of the final hours and violent past of Westminster terrorist Khalid Masood is being created by detectives who are trying to find out if he acted alone or had support.
"I urge anyone with such information to contact us." Meanwhile, the widow of a man attacked with a knife by Masood in a pub assault said her late husband was injured after defending someone during a row.75-year-old dies after removal from life-support the day after London attack In this photo from Wednesday, Khalid Masood, identified as the attacker, is seen being treated by emergency services outside the Houses of Parliament in London.
The death toll from the attack rose to four on Thursday when police announced a 75-year-old man "died tonight after his life-support was withdrawn." Masood was born in Kent to the southeast of London and had been most recently living in central England, London police said.
"However, he was known to police and has a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH [grievous bodily harm], possession of offensive weapons and public order offences." Earlier, U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said the attacker had been investigated by British intelligence "some years ago." GRAPHIC WARNING: Security video shows SUV attack on London bridge0:31 May said he had been investigated by MI-5, the U.K.'s intelligence service, "in relation to concerns of violent extremism," but that he was not part of what she called the current intelligence picture, saying he was a "peripheral figure." Masood sped across Westminster Bridge in a car, ploughing into pedestrians along the way, then ran through the gates of the nearby Parliament building and fatally stabbed an unarmed policeman before being shot dead.
She called Wednesday's events "an attack on free people everywhere." U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May said there will be more armed and unarmed police officers patrolling the city in the wake of the attack.“Maniac who knifed Britain in the heart”, read the Sun headline; “terror rampage”, according to the Express; London is a “city of monkeys” where liberals “actually think multiculturalism means we all die together”, wrote a Mail columnist who I’ll not bother naming.
In those few horrifying moments when a car ploughed its way through them as if they were objects, mere things, a cross-section of London is revealed, a glimpse into its dynamic, optimistic diversity, where people from all countries, of all creeds, walk over a bridge together.
And while some of the media and the figureheads of the far right banged the opportunistic drum of jingoism and hate, shrill words that, in seeking to divide this country into “them” and “us”, collaborate with the very people committing the acts of terror, the British people did what they do so very well.
It matters that we say “us” – and that “us” includes the 48% and the 52%, the rural and the urban, the Christian, the Muslim, the person with no religion, for Masood acted alone and we responded together.