22 Mar 2017 21:57 GMT Fast Facts Four killed including police officer and attacker Car rammed into crowds on Westminster Bridge Man armed with knife tried to enter parliament Four people were killed and at least 20 wounded in London on Wednesday after a car ploughed into pedestrians and an attacker went on a stabbing spree with a knife before being shot dead close to the British parliament.
He said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of civilians and three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.Sources said that there was 'clear air' between the spot that Masood was gunned down by armed police and the Prime Minister's car.
Theresa May was escorted by a full security convoy the day after the attack The Prime Minister vowed that Britain would not surrender to the 'voice of hate and evil trying to drive us apart' MailOnline political editor James Tapsfield was in his officer overlooking New Palace Yard when the rampage began.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Police walk past floral tributes to the victims of the Westminster terrorist attack outside the Palace of Westminster, London (PA) Det Supt Crossley said the first victim to be pronounced dead was Mrs Frade, a 44-year-old British national who had been on her way to pick up her daughters from school when she was hit on Westminster Bridge.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Westminster Bridge was closed for a memorial joined by hundreds of Londoners and members of the emergency services on Wednesday afternoon.“Most of all I will remember him as a family man who idolised his wife, daughter and his family; they’re the important ones that I think about a year on from the Westminster attack.” BOLLARDS: Find out where they could be installed in London Barriers are going up around the capital in a bid to strengthen defences and prevent another terror attack 1 / 10 SWNS.com Large yellow steel structures have been placed outside Buckingham Palace, Central London Labour MP Barry Sheerman said: “While thinking of the victims of the terrorist outrage last year, I think all of us on the benches hope that the families of those people who were tragically killed have been looked after.” Sports minister Tracey Crouch, in her reply, said: “PC Keith Palmer was an avid Charlton Athletic fan and it was only right that the club actually respected him by turning his usual red seat in The Valley white with his number written on it, so his memory will always live on at the football club.” Attacks on the Manchester Arena, London Bridge and the Tube station at Parsons Green all followed Westminster Bridge.Photograph: Metropolitan police/PA The wife of the Westminster attacker, Khalid Masood, has said she is “saddened and shocked” by the atrocity, and condemns his actions.
However, the Met deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, who is also the senior national coordinator for UK counter-terrorism policing, said there was no evidence Masood had discussed the planning of his attack with others.‘No evidence’ Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday.
“Most importantly, so do the victims and families.” As Basu appealed for anyone who spoke to Masood on the day of the attack to come forward, the British government repeated calls for tech companies to give police and intelligence services access to encrypted messages exchanged by terrorism suspects.Masood used the messaging service WhatsApp just before he began his attack.Police Scotland is due to lead on a counter terrorism operation later this year, and Mrs May told officers: "Obviously our thoughts are still with the family and friends of those who were killed in the attack that took place in London last week.Four dead and 27 injured in Westminster terror attack A man ploughed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before stabbing a policeman outside Parliament Four people have died following a terror attack outside the Houses of Parliament.
A man was shot outside the Houses of Parliament after a car mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and a police officer was stabbed in the terrorist attack this afternoon.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.A suspected terrorist attack was foiled after armed police arrested a man who is alleged to have been found carrying knives near the Houses of Parliament.
The scene where the man, aged 27, was arrested is metres away from where Khalid Masood launched his attacks on Westminster Bridge and the parliamentary estate five weeks ago, leaving five people dead, including himself.
Photograph: Will Oliver/EPA He was led away into a police car at around 3.15pm, while scene-of-crime officers examined knives and a rucksack on the traffic island in the middle of Parliament Street at the junction with Parliament Square.
As they left the area via an alternative route, they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.Rowley said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and wounding a number of civilians and three police officers.
"There will be additional armed and unarmed police officers on our streets from tonight in order to keep Londoners, and all those visiting our city, safe," he said.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.British-Born Khalid Masood Identified as London Attacker1:18 Police on Thursday identified the man responsible for a terror attack outside Britain's Parliament as 52-year-old Khalid Masood.
Picture: Carl Court/Getty ImagesSource:Getty Images AN Alice Springs jeweller has recalled how he and his family recently posed for a photo with the police officer killed in the terror attack on London.
Already there is more than $500k raised for his family.Source:AP DEATH TOLL STANDS AT FOUR Meantime, four people were killed in the terror attack outside Britain’s parliament: a woman picking up her children from school, a man from Utah, a 75-year-old man, and an unarmed police officer.
Picture: New York PostSource:Supplied A 75-year-old man who was injured in the attack died of his wounds on Thursday evening, police said.
“The man had been receiving medical treatment in hospital following the attack and life support was withdrawn this evening,” police said in a statement, without giving further details of the victim’s background.
DOZENS INJURED Police said 29 of around 40 people wounded were treated in hospital.
There are the usual procedures, to keep in touch with British authorities, hospital authorities and family seriously injured citizen.” Three French pupils on a school trip to London, all aged 15 or 16, were among those hurt, including two who suffered broken bones but were not reported to be in life-threatening condition.
Four people were killed in the attack by ‘lone wolf’ killer Khalid Masood, 52.Picture: Carl Court/Getty ImagesSource:Getty Images A woman with serious injuries rescued from the River Thames near Westminster Bridge after the attack, as well as her fiance, are believed to be the two Romanians.In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds.
But deputy assistant Metropolitan police commissioner Neil Basu said: “We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned.” The security services do not like the term “lone wolf”, feeling that it glamorises an attacker, and instead prefer “lone actor”.UK: Attacker used WhatsApp, firm must help police get access People look at tributes in Parliament Square, London, Saturday March 25, 2017, laid out for the victims of the Westminster attack on Wednesday.
(John Stillwell/PA via AP) LONDON (AP) — Westminster Bridge attacker Khalid Masood sent a WhatsApp message that cannot be accessed because it was encrypted by the popular messaging service, a top British security official said Sunday.
Rudd did not provide any details about Masood's use of WhatsApp, saying only "this terrorist sent a WhatsApp message and it can't be accessed." But her call for a "back door" system to allow authorities to retrieve information is likely to meet resistance from the tech industry, which has faced previous law enforcement demands for access to data after major attacks.Paying tribute to PC Palmer, Met Police deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said: "He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift - and he had every right to expect that would happen." Image:One of the attacker's knives could be seen as he was given treatment by paramedics Conservative MP James Cleverly, who served with PC Palmer in the Royal Artillery, described the officer as "a lovely man".The Dean of Westminster, the Very Rev John Hall, who led the service, told the congregation: “We are all affected by the attack a fortnight ago on Westminster Bridge and at the gates of the Palace of Westminster, and we are all left bewildered and disturbed.
“But our sense of loss and diminishment is paled by comparison with that of the families of those who died: Aysha Frade, Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes on the bridge, and Police Constable Keith Palmer on duty at the gates of Parliament, and all those who were injured.Police said the addresses were "linked to the investigation" of Wednesday's attack, carried out by 52-year-old British man Khalid Masood.A 39-year-old woman was arrested at an address Thursday night in East London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts, police said.“I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances." But shocked Londoners used Twitter to ask why their Mayor had not responded to the attack earlier.You never think it’s going to happen to you.” Ms Cristea’s sister Magda Toi, 40, found out that her sibling had been hit in a phone call from Mr Burnaz, who had planned to propose that day.
She said: “While I continue to grieve my husband Kurt and all the victims, I strive to move ahead and focus on my recovery as well as honouring Kurt’s life by advocating love, forgiveness and peace.” The Conservative MP Tobias Ellwood told of his “deep regret” at being unable to save Pc Palmer.
“The world has become more dangerous and more volatile and it requires us on a national level to show the same bravery Keith Palmer emulated on that fatal day.
“I have a renewed respect and huge reverence for anyone who is in uniform, not knowing how their day might unfold, but who goes to work with the same professionalism and determination to serve, without question, and on occasion might be tested in a way that Pc Keith Palmer was...Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.Photo: Clint Payne/PA Wire Handout photo of Melissa Cochran (46) a victim of the Westminster terror attacks with her mother and father (background), whose family have released photos showing her defiant path to recovery in hospital.0:36 Video:Key moments of London Attack Tragically, as the House will know, 48-year-old PC Keith Palmer was killed.
I know also that the House will wish to thank all those who acted with such speed and professionalism yesterday to secure this place and ensure we are able to meet as we are doing today.
Mr Speaker, the whole country will want to know who was responsible for this atrocity and the measures that we are taking to strengthen our security, including here in Westminster.
And over the next five years we will invest an extra £2.5 billion in building our global security and intelligence network, employing over 1,900 additional staff at MI5, MI6 and GCHQ and more than doubling our global network of counter-terrorism experts working with priority countries across Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
Mr Speaker, in terms of security here in Westminster, we should be clear first of all that an attacker attempted to break into Parliament and was shot dead within 20 yards of the gates.But the man who killed four people - including a police officer - in the shadow of the Houses of Parliament had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
"Next of kin have been informed and are receiving support from specially trained family liaison officers." Khalid Masood being treated by medics after he was shot outside the Palace of WestminsterCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA But by the time Masood went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." It comes as Scotland Yard disclosed that the eight people - three women and five men - arrested in London and Birmingham are being held on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
Meanwhile, at the scene of one of the police raids - a flat in Hagley Road, Birmingham, where the attacker is believed to have lived - witnesses told how black-clad officers equipped with machine guns smashed their way into the property.
He seemed like a normal calm and kind family man, always with a smile on his face." The attacker mowed down pedestrians with a car on Westminster Bridge before crashing at the railings in front of Parliament.
But by the time Masood, 52, went on the rampage on Wednesday, driving a car at 50 miles an hour along Westminster bridge, murdering three innocent pedestrians before plunging his knife repeatedly into a police officer guarding the Houses of Parliament, he had dropped off their radar.
Minute's silence held around the world for London attack victims In pictures and video: tonight's vigil at Trafalgar Square After Wednesday's events, there was a determination throughout the city to carry on in the face of it all.
Pc Keith Palmer lost his lifeCredit: LONDON METROPOLITAN POLICE In a moving service in the Chapel of Saint Mary Undercroft within the Palace of Westminster, the chaplain warned against the danger of thinking "an eye for an eye" and urged people to share memories of the "heroic contributions on that day when evil dared to show its face".
Ms Villiers said: "As we reflect on what happened, is it time to consider whether the police who guard sensitive sites known to be of interest to terrorists like Parliament or like airports should routinely carry personal protection weapons, even when those officers are not part of the units formally tasked with armed response?" "The terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday was horrific and our thoughts are with all of those affected by it.
We are giving this investigation the highest priority and we will conclude it as soon as possible." Pupil of terror victim: I'm here to show that we're not going to let these people win A pupil of Westminster victim Aysha Frade, a Spanish teacher, who lost her life in the attack, has come to pay her respects in Trafalgar Square.
he seemed like a normal calm and kind family man' Patrick Sawer reports from Birmingham: A mother of three was left stunned after recognising Khalid Masood, the terrorist pictured on a stretcher after Wednesday's attack, as the man who had lived next to her for several months.
"The incitements, information about how to become a terrorists, the radicalising sermons and messages, that needs to come down ." Boris Johnson addressing the United Nations Security Council in New York on Thursday afternoonCredit: Richard Drew/AP Police create Westminster attack condolences website Silence held in Spanish region where British victim's family originates At least 100 people have attended a memorial in Spain to commemorate Aysha Frade, who was also killed in the terror attack.
But if I saw the three men who live there I wouldn't recognise them." Farhad Makanvand, landlord of the Birmingham property raided by counter-terror police late on WednesdayCredit: Michael Scott/Caters Mr Makanvand said he had been left "deeply shocked" by the sequence of events which culminated in the raid on his premises on Birmingham's Hagley Road.
Paul Nuttall: Muslim communities have to do more to root out 'this cancer of radicalisation' Speaking near Parliament, Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said the country must ensure there was no "knee-jerk" reaction after the "evil" attack and called on people to "come together and ensure that we move on forward".
"We will be thinking of all the families, as we discuss the important issues we're here to talk about." The Duchess of Cambridge pictured on Thursday morningCredit: Chris Jackson/Getty Scottish independence referendum debate put on hold First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said Scotland stands in solidarity with London following the "heinous" terrorist attack on Westminster.
The debate has now been put on hold until Tuesday March 28, when Holyrood is likely to vote to give the First Minister the authority to seek talks with Westminster over a section 30 agreement, the mechanism to transfer the powers for a legally-binding ballot to take place Statement from Islamic State, which singled out UK as next target The statement reads: "The attacker is a ISIS soldier who answered the call to attack countries participating in the anti-ISIS coalition." Josie Ensor, the Telegraph's Middle East Correspondent, reports the group's late spokesman, Abu Mohammed Adnani's, previously called on followers abroad: "If you are not able to find an IED or a bullet, then single out the disbelieving American, Frenchman, or any of their allies.
"I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others." Pope sends message assuring the 'nation of his prayers' Pope Francis has sent a message to Cardinal Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster, assuring the "nation of his prayers" after yesterday's terror attack.
"I express my condolences to the family and friends of police officer Keith Palmer who gave his life yesterday in defence of the public and of our democracy." He added: "We especially pay tribute to the bravery of those who took action to stop the perpetrator of yesterday's assault." More from Theresa May's speech on the victims and the attacker On the injured Mrs May said those injured included 12 Britons, three French children, two Romanians, four South Koreans, two Greeks, and one each from Germany, Poland, Ireland, China, Italy and the United States.
He said in a statement: "The thoughts of the men and women of MI5 are with the families of those killed in Westminster yesterday, and with the other innocent people injured in this appalling and disgusting attack.
Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament.
"I think everyone in Parliament will want to pay tribute to the security services and the police and how they responded yesterday, and the officer who tragically died." Minute's silence was chosen for 9.33am to honour murdered Pc's 933 shoulder number A minute's silence was held nationwide at 9.33am, including in the Palace of Westminster and at New Scotland Yard, to commemorate the three innocent people killed in Wednesday's assault on Westminster.
One witness, who works in a shop near the second-floor flat, said: "The man from London lived here." He added: "They came and arrested three men." A police cordon in Hagley Road, BirminghamCredit: Caters Stuart Bailey, who lives four doors down, was going for a drink with his friend when an armed officer shouted for him to "Go left".
Another man who have lived in the neighbouring flats said he was "scared and frightened" when he glanced out of the window and saw about a dozen armed police wearing Kevlar helmets and body armour in the street.
"However, I suspect that when we see the background of this perpetrator we will probably see that he was inspired by something external and we have to address the causes that drive people to commit these terrible crimes." Security review to investigate if Palace of Westminster police should be armed Security arrangements at Westminster are to be reviewed following Wednesday's horrific attack.
Four people have died - a police officer, the attacker, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s The officer was Pc Keith Palmer, a 48-year-old husband and father with 15 years of police service Seven people have been arrested and six addresses raided across London, Birmingham and elsewhere The woman was killed on Westminster Bridge as a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a grey Hyundai It is believed the man was also killed in the incident on the bridge Seven people are in a critical condition, and 29 have been treated in hospital One woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water The attacker, armed with two large knives, jumped out of the car after smashing it into the railings encircling the Palace of Westminster, fatally stabbing Pc Palmer as he entered the grounds.
A large area around the Palace of Westminster, including Parliament Square and Westminster Bridge, remained cordoned off on Thursday morning, but staff were able to access the building and return to work.
Flag at half mast in Westminster on Thursday morningCredit: Eddie Mulholland for The Telegraph Forensics officers remain in Westminster this morning Investigators 'looking at who might have helped' attacker Sir Michael Fallon, the Defence Secretary said investigators were working around the clock.
He said: "They have been working right through the night, looking into his background, how he got hold of the vehicle, where the vehicle has been in the last day or two, and who may, or may not, have helped him." Asked if he was known to police, Sir Michael said: "I can't confirm that, you will have to ask the police that." Full statement from Mark Rowley, senior anti-terror officer Here is the full statement on the Westminster terror attack made by Mark Rowley just now: "Good morning - I am here to update you on our ongoing counter-terrorism operation following the horrific attack in Westminster.
Thank you." Video: Attacker killed three; 29 treated in hospital Latest summary from overnight Armed police have carried out an overnight raid on a Birmingham property, which was reportedly linked to the attack in Westminster on Wednesday.
Five people were killed in the "sick and depraved" terror attack, including a police officer who was stabbed and his assailant, while dozens more were injured.
Mark Rowley, Scotland Yard's top anti-terror officer, confirmed that 40 people were injured after the attacker - armed with two large knives - mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a plain-clothes policeman before he was shot by armed officers.
A brave man." The suspected London terror attacker being treated by paramedics, with the knives used in the assault circledCredit: Stefan Rousseau/PA The killer managed to get in through a vehicle gate in New Palace Yard – used by the Prime Minister and other members of the Government – because it was not locked.This is the moment a car careered across Westminster before mowing down pedestrians and smashing into barrier at 50mph during a ‘terror’ rampage Sky News The driver of the silver car is led away from the scene by cops outside Parliament this morning Sky News A man, in his twenties, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Police surround the vehicle outside the Houses of Parliament this morning The driver, in his 20s, was led away from the scene in handcuffs by armed cops after several people were injured in the “very sinister” smash at around 7.40am.
This is what we know so far… A car crashed into anti-terror barriers outside the Houses of Parliament at 7.40am Several people have been hurt – but cops say none have life-threatening injuries Witnesses saw a silver car “deliberately” travelling towards Westminster at 50mph A man, in his 20s, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Westminster Tube station and Westminster Bridge remain on lockdown Theresa May has praised medics and police for their quick response to the “attack” Met Police confirmed the suspect is currently being quizzed on suspicion of terror offences at a South London police station.
A man is led away from the silver car by armed cops outside Parliament this morning Police sprint to the scene of the crash this morning Terrified members of the public are lead away from Parliament Square by cops Bus driver Victor Ogbomo, 49, was driving passengers past the front of Westminster when he saw the crash.
The incident comes just over a year after terrorist Khalid Masood drove into pedestrians and rammed the gates of Parliament in a terror attack.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Hundreds of officers are investigating the attack, and the investigation is working at a "very fast pace", Mr Rowley said.The Islamic State group said through its Aamaq News Agency that the attacker was a soldier of the Islamic State who “carried out the operation in response to calls for targeting citizens of the coalition” of countries fighting IS in Syria and Iraq.
In addition to the police officer and the attacker, who was shot by police, two people died on Westminster Bridge and at least 30 others were injured, seven critically.
“It is in these actions – millions of acts of normality – that we find the best response to terrorism —a response that denies our enemies their victory, that refuses to let them win, that shows we will never give in.” Parliament began its moment of silence at 9:33 a.m., honoring the shoulder number of the murdered officer, Keith Palmer, a 15-year veteran of the Metropolitan Police and a former soldier.Injured victims are seen on Westminster Bridge this afternoon, with wreckage strewn across the pavement.Credit: Reuters Spanish media has reported that one of the victims of the attack was a 43-year-old British woman of Galician origin.
At least 40 people have been seriously injured, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony and three French teenagers on a school visit to London.
Trump spoke today with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom to offer his condolences on today's terror attack in London and his praise for the effective response of security forces and first responders.
"He pledged the full co-operation and support of the United States government in responding to the attack and bringing those responsible to justice." Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London.
Mr Trump later tweeted: "Spoke to U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said: "Our thoughts are with the victims of today's attack in London and their families.
Canadians remain united with the people of the UK." Gibraltar's Chief Minister Fabian Picardo said: "Shocked at attack on London.It was earlier revealed that the fourth member of the public who died after the attack by the home-grown terrorist was 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from Clapham, south London.
He reportedly added: "It isn't what it used to be." Khaldid Masood, circled, during his school years in Kent aged about 14 The death toll from Masood's murderous assault on the capital rose again on Thursday when Mr Rhodes - a retired window-cleaner, who is believed to have been visiting a nearby hospital when he was killed - became the fourth innocent victim to die.
Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" after Masood ploughed a car down Westminster Bridge and stormed the Parliamentary estate armed with two blades, fatally knifing Pc Keith Palmer.
Recap: What we know so far about Westminster terror attack If you're looking to catch up with the latest on the London terror attack, this is what we know so far: Five people have died - Pc Keith Palmer, 48, mother-of-two Aysha Frade, US tourist Kurt Cochran and Leslie Rhodes, 75, from Clapham, south London.
Masood, 52, had a string of criminal convictions including possession of a knife, but he was not the subject of any current investigations and there was "no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack".
We utterly condemn this terrorist act." The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, speaks as Inter-faith leaders listen during a vigil in the grounds of Westminster AbbeyCredit: HANNAH MCKAY/EPA Sadiq Khan lays flowers as it is revealed he will drop three cities from European capitals tour The Mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, has laid flowers for the victims of the Westminster terror attack.
'Scum and pure evil' - terror victim's sister in law The sister-in-law of Leslie Rhodes said his killer, Khalid Masood, was "scum and pure evil", as she recounted how she could not get the picture of the 75-year-old lying in King's College hospital "out of my head", reports Harry Yorke.
Leslie Rhodes, a retired window cleaner from south London, suffered serious injuries in the atrocity and died in hospital a day later.
He added: "You know, it's a crime that he's been taken." Emergency services on Westminster Bridge after the attackCredit: Dominic Lipinski/PA Mr Williams said he had been told by neighbours who went to see him before he died that Mr Rhodes was attending the hospital and may have been coming from or going to a bus stop nearby when he was hit.
He said: "It's frustrating that we get nonsense like this from armchair critics." Key points from anti-terror officer's 8am statement Mark Rowley appealed to the public for information about the killer, whose birth name was Adrian Russell Ajao - but who was also known as Adrian Elms and was using the name Khalid Masood at the time of the attack.
He disclosed that: Two people remain in hospital in a critical condition, one with life-threatening injuries Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" A total of 50 people were injured in the murderous rampage, with 30 of them needing hospital treatment Hundreds of officers are involved in the investigation after the Westminster attack Two more arrests have been made overnight, in the West Midlands and North West A total of nine people remain in custody after one woman earlier arrested was bailed Searches of five addresses are ongoing Officers have so far seized 2,700 items from searches - including computer data He was charged in 2003 with grievous bodily harm, when aged 39, after being accused of stabbing a 22-year-old man in the nose in an incident in Eastbourne.
The attack claimed another victim as a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday night.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.Kurt Cochran and his wife Melissa, who were in Europe to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary and had been due to return to the United States on March 23, 2017, are shown in this photo released by the family in Salt Lake City, Utah.
“A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack,” the president said.
“My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends.” A great American, Kurt Cochran, was killed in the London terror attack.“We got online and realised it was our loved ones, and that’s how we found out.” Mr Payne said the incident had brought the family “closer together”, while his wife, Sandra, Mrs Cochran’s mother, said her daughter was “recovering well” and that they were delighted with her progress."Most of all I will remember him as a family man who idolised his wife, daughter and his family; they're the important ones that I think about a year on from the Westminster attack." UK news in pictures UK news in pictures 1/50 Car manufacturer BMW announced on September 18, 2018, that its Mini factory in the UK would close for its annual summer maintenance several weeks earlier than planned, starting on April 1, 2019, to avoid any disruption in case of a no-deal Brexit.
Lucy disappeared from her Southampton home last Wednesday and her body was later found in woodland near Southampton Sports Centre at 7.45am on Thursday PA 1/50 Car manufacturer BMW announced on September 18, 2018, that its Mini factory in the UK would close for its annual summer maintenance several weeks earlier than planned, starting on April 1, 2019, to avoid any disruption in case of a no-deal Brexit.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
The footballer is accused of being over twice the legal alcohol limit when he was stopped by police on August 24 Getty 8/50 11 September 2018 David Suchet recites from Amadeus during a service of thanksgiving to celebrate the life and work of Sir Peter Hall, the former director of the National Theatre, at Westminster Abbey in London PA 9/50 10 September 2018 Alastair Cook celebrates his century in his last ever innings playing for England during the fourth day of the fifth test cricket match against India at The Oval.
He completed the race in under an hour Getty/Nike 11/50 8 September 2018 Britain's former foreign secretary Boris Johnson sits in the stands during play on the second day of the fifth Test cricket match between England and India at The Oval in London AFP/Getty 12/50 7 September 2018 The poppy sculpture Wave by artist Paul Cummins and designer Tom Piper at IWM North, The Quays, Manchester.
Our Future, Our Choice (OFOC) Pro EU campaign group wants get its message to the public surrounding the predicted costs of Britain's "No Deal Hard Brexit", exit from the European Union AP 29/50 21 August 2018 Families enjoy rides on the dodgems during an Eid in the Park celebration marking Eid Al-Adha at the New River Sports ground in Wood Green, London.
Our Future, Our Choice (OFOC) Pro EU campaign group wants get its message to the public surrounding the predicted costs of Britain's "No Deal Hard Brexit", exit from the European Union AP 29/50 21 August 2018 Families enjoy rides on the dodgems during an Eid in the Park celebration marking Eid Al-Adha at the New River Sports ground in Wood Green, London.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The worst single atrocity of the Northern Ireland conflict killed 29, including a woman pregnant with twins PA 36/50 14 August 2018 Police arrest a man after he crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament Sky News 37/50 13 August 2018 Communities Secretary James Brokenshire today launched a £100 million pound government fund to end rough sleeping in England within the next decade.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.
The 27-year-old all-rounder and two other men, Ryan Ali and Ryan Hale are jointly charged with affray in the Clifton Triangle area of Bristol on September 25 last year, several hours after England had played a one-day international against the West Indies in the city PA 45/50 5 August 2018 Great Britain's Laura Kenny celebrates after winning the Women's Elimination Race final at the European Championships in Glasgow 46/50 4 August 2018 Ben Stokes celebrates taking the wicket of India's Hardik Pandya with team mates during the first test at Edgbaston Action Images via Reuters 47/50 3 August 2018 French President Emmanuel Macron waves to people as he arrives at the Fort de Bregancon for a meeting with British Prime Minister Theresa May epa 48/50 2 August 2018 Brexit Minister Dominic Raab is welcomed by French Minister attached to the Foreign Affairs Minister Nathalie Loiseau prior to a meeting in Paris AFP/Getty 49/50 1 August 2018 Demonstrators against Tommy Robinson outside the Royal Courts of Justice in London, where the former English Defence League leader has been freed on bail by the Court of Appeal after winning a challenge against a finding of contempt of court PA 50/50 31 July 2018 Friends of Lucy McHugh gather in Mansel Park, Southampton to release balloons in her memory.Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner corrected earlier figures saying three innocent victims - PC Palmer, a woman in her mid 40s and a man in his mid 50s - were killed along with the attacker who was shot by cops.
Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries.
"I am grateful for all their efforts." TIMELINE OF TERROR Lone wolf attacker mowed down crowds of pedestrians in 4x4 on Westminster Bridge He then crashed into gate outside Parliament before stabbing policeman PC Keith Palmer, 48, to death Armed cops put Westminster on lockdown as attack brought London to a standstill yesterday afternoon Four people died - including the attacker who was shot by police - and 29 are injured, including seven critical Eight people arrested today after six raids at addresses in London, Birmingham and elsewhere Cops believe they know the identity of the suspect who was inspired by Islamic terrorism The Hyundai used to carry out the attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham, according to Newsnight Hero MP Tobias Ellwood attempted to revive PC Palmer but husband and father could not be saved Theresa May condemned attack as 'sick and depraved' before holding emergency Cobra meeting MPs were locked in House of Commons for five hours PC Palmer, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad and former Bombardier in the Royal Artillery Army Reserve between '87-'01 , was killed as he tried to stop the attacker at about 2.30pm on Wednesday, while two members of the public were also fatally injured.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.A former intelligence official told BuzzFeed News: "The service had him as an SOI [subject of interest] a few years ago but think he didn't meet the threshold for investigation so was not investigated further." They added: "My sense is this was pre-ISIL but the increased sophistication online and in messaging has awakened or re-radicalised him and then he's acted as a lone wolf or perhaps as part of a small circle of extremists but with a very small, neat invisible footprint." Metropolitan police Khalid Masood The Metropolitan police said in a statement: "Masood was not the subject of any current investigations and there was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack.” Masood’s first conviction was in November 1983 for criminal damage and his most recent was in December 2003 for possession of a knife.
Northiam resident Adrian Baker, who said he had lived in the village for the past 25 years, told the Press Association on Friday: “I do remember a fracas involving a guy called Piers Mott.
While Masood is believed to have lived in a string of addresses in the south of England, London, and Luton – the latter with a 39-year-old woman understood to have been arrested in east London this week – it’s believed he most recently lived in a block of new flats on Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham near the canal.
Aisha Gani / BuzzFeed News / Via BuzzFeed News The block of flats where Masood lived most recently in Quayside, a cul-de-sac in Birmingham.
Speaking in the House of Commons on Thursday morning, the prime minister confirmed that Masood was known to the security services but said “he was not part of the current intelligence picture” and that “there was no prior intelligence of his intent to attack the capital”.
He was in the rugby team.” Two days earlier, Masood began his attack by mounting the pavement on Westminster Bridge and driving into pedestrians, killing 51-year-old American tourist Kurt Cochran, who was celebrating his 25th wedding anniversary; 43-year-old Spanish teacher Aysha Frade, who was travelling to pick up her two young daughters from school; and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes from south London, who had been visiting someone in hospital.The group, who said they were wearing blue as a symbol of hope, stood holding hands for five minutes on the Westminster Bridge as the Big Ben struck 4 pm on Sunday, The Telegraph reported.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Describing how the UK is going through a "dark chapter" facing the terrorist threat, he paid tribute to the police for their work in a country "that seems to be getting more dangerous and more volatile".
"These attacks will continue unless we step forward and actually participate, become more pro-active in dealing with what is a very changing and dark chapter that we are enduring." He told BBC Radio 4's Today: "From 2002 to today, extremism is still there.
"As we enter this period of remembrance and reflection, we stand together as Londoners, united against terrorism and in hope for the future." Five innocent people were killed in Masood's rampage - 48-year-old Pc Palmer, who was on duty at the Palace of Westminster, along with US tourist Kurt Cochran, Romanian tourist Andreea Cristea, 31, and Britons Aysha Frade, 44, and 75-year-old Leslie Rhodes, who were mown down on the bridge.
It will only make the bonds that bind us all together even stronger." 'He wouldn't like any of the fuss': Pc Palmer's friend pays tribute to 'modest' officer A police officer has paid tribute to his friend and fellow officer who was killed in the Westminster attack.
Pc Keith Palmer with Staci Martin, an American tourist, 45 minutes before his death He told LBC radio: "I was getting myself changed when the alarm went off, that there'd been a terrorist attack, there'd been a large explosion in the area of Portcullis House, Westminster Bridge, so I quickly pulled on all of my kit.Westminster Attack - Courage, Cowardice and Double Standards The attack outside and inside London's Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday, March 22 resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured.
The confirmed British-born attacker, Adrian Elms but with a number of alias' including the much quoted Khalid Masood, drove a grey Hyundai SUV over Westminster Bridge The attack outside and inside London's Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured.
The confirmed British-born attacker, Adrian Elms - but with a number of alias' including the much quoted Khalid Masood - drove a grey Hyundai SUV over Westminster Bridge, which spans the River Thames as it flows past Parliament, mounting the pavement and mowing down pedestrians crossing the great span, with it's panoramic city views.Felicity Arbuthnot Some forty people were injured, twenty-nine treated in hospital, with seven initially in a critical condition.
has direct access to former (UK) Foreign Minister William Hague, who he has been documented meeting in person on multiple occasions at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office in London and shares (Abdulrahman's) enthusiasm for removing Assad from power." The reaction to an attack in the West also differs.
Coincidentally, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had said on the morning of the Westminster attack, after a series of verbal spats with European countries that: "If Europe continues this way, no European in any part of the world can walk safely on the streets.
In Iraq in just two "catastrophic" "liberation" assaults on Mosul's ancient, beautiful city, US "coalition" bombings killed up to three hundred and fifty souls, wiping out entire families in the week before London's one man attack: "Journalists saw children and a pregnant woman among at least 50 bodies recovered from the rubble, with limbs and shoes protruding from destroyed houses." (3) No condolences from world leaders, no Eifel Tower or Brandenburg Gate markings for them.
And since the perpetrator of the London attack is dead, it will likely never be known whether it was a coincidence that the attack was on the first anniversary of three suicide bombers killing thirty two people and injuring three hundred and sixteen in Brussels on 22nd March 2016.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 3 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Member of Parliament Tobias Ellwood, in the glasses, tends to one of the injured people amid the chaos.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 6 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament People leave the Parliament building after the incident.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 12 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament At right, the car of British Prime Minister Theresa May is driven away from Parliament.
Hide Caption 14 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Armed police enter the Houses of Parliament.British Security Officials Scramble to Identify Attacker’s Motive Emergency services transport an injured person to an ambulance, close to the Houses of Parliament in London, March 22, 2017.
Peter Kirkham, a former police commissioner, said the security procedures were successful, adding that the attacker managed “to breach the outer security cordon but was then stopped.” Photo Gallery: Shots Fired Outside British Parliament When they were allowed to leave the Palace of Westminster, lawmakers sang the praises of the police, saluting them for rushing to the danger as they ordered everyone else to move away.
One upshot, says a senior security official, may be a decision to turn Parliament Square into a pedestrian precinct and to establish another barrier beyond the railings surrounding the building, thus making it harder for an attacker to rush into Old Palace Yard.CBS This Morning 7 arrested as ISIS claims London terror attack LONDON -- Police in Britain arrested seven people in overnight raids in London, Birmingham and elsewhere in connection with the Wednesday attack on the Houses of Parliament by a knife-wielding man who first drove a vehicle down a crowded sidewalk.
An American man was also confirmed to have been among the three civilians killed in the first stage of the attack, on Westminster Bridge over the River Thames.
Speaking earlier Thursday morning, the top antiterrorism officer for the Metropolitan Police (Scotland Yard), Mark Rowley, said two civilians -- a woman in her 40s and a man in his 50s -- were killed, along with a police officer and the attacker.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The river was closed to all non-emergency traffic for much of the time after the attack.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.This Is How People Are Raising Money For The Families Of The Westminster Attack Victims "We decided that the best thing to do was to offer our support to the victims' families," Muddassar Ahmed, who set up a crowdfunding page for the families of the Westminster attack victims, told BuzzFeed News.
Muslims in London are raising money for the families of the Westminster attack victims, one of whom was a police officer.
“We were actually thinking of putting the target amount lower at £5,000," he said, "but now we’ve seen that the reaction has been overwhelmingly positive and I think we’ll absolutely smash our target." The Metropolitan Police Federation is also raising money for the slain police officer, Keith Palmer, who was stabbed to death while protecting parliament.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP He appeared on MI5 records for the first time the following year as a contact of a terror network aiming to launch bomb attacks in the UK, becoming a subject of interest in 2009 after being misidentified as an al-Qaeda facilitator in Saudi Arabia.A policeman points a gun at a man on the floor while emergency services attend after the attack on Westminster on Wednesday afternoon Victims of the crash are stretchered off in scenes which hit the British capital one year to the day since 32 were killed in Brussels King Philippe said Belgium had stayed united after the attacks on March 22, 2016, and told families of the victims they had responded to the 'deadly madness' of the attacks with 'dignity'.
Just days before Christmas, a truck ploughed into a crowded festive market in central Berlin, killing 12 people and injuring 48 In the year since the attack in Belgium, there have been similar uses of vehicles as weapons in horrific attacks on the continent.The vehicle used by the attacker to mow people down on Westminster Bridge was rented from the Enterprise car company, the business said in a statement.
We ran another check to verify, and immediately contacted the authorities.” UK Defense Minister Michael Fallon said on Thursday that the attack may be related to Islamic terrorism in some form.March 23 (UPI) -- Police on Thursday named the man they say carried out Britain's bloodiest attack in over a decade -- and in the process, killed four people and wounded nearly 30 others outside Westminster Palace in central London.
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson speaks at the United Nations on Thursday to address a terrorist attack in London that killed three victims and injured 29 others outside Westminster Palace.Senior producer Pia Talbot tweeted: "Police say they've just carried out a controlled explosion within earshot of our live spot." Sky News reporter Laura Bundock tweeted there was a "very loud bang close to security cordon where suspicious package found".And as a thug with convictions for GBH, he was naturally drawn to convert to Islam, as reported by MailOnline today (hat-tip to Christopher J Green‏ @DefiantLionUK): Westminster ISIS attacker is named as UK born Khalid Masood - a 52 year old married father of three who was probed by MI5 'some years ago' and had a string of convictions Police reveal a middle-aged extremist from the West Midlands carried out yesterday's terror attack Scotland Yard say he had a long list of crimes to his name but had not been convicted of terror offences Theresa May said he was known to the security services but was 'not part of the current intelligence picture' Probe into the British citizen's links to violent jihadism was 'historical' and he was deemed 'peripheral' ISIS have claimed responsibility for the attack, saying the killer was a 'soldier of the Islamic State' Armed police stormed a flat above a takeaway in Birmingham last night and arrested three people Five others have been detained in raids on six properties thought to be linked to the terrorist The Hyundai Tucson 4x4 he used to kill and injure was rented from a hire car firm in Birmingham The British-born jihadi who killed three and injured 29 in Westminster yesterday was a middle-aged criminal called Khalid Masood.
The 52-year-old 'lone-wolf' attacker, who was living in the Birmingham area, has a series of convictions for assault and other crimes but police insist there was no intelligence suggesting he was about to unleash a terror attack.
Giving details of the attacker's background in Parliament today, Prime Minister Theresa May said: 'The man was British-born and - some years ago - he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism.
Intensive investigations continue.' It is believed Masood had lived in the Winson Green area of Birmingham, where neighbours claimed he shared a flat with a woman and a young child.
I just thought it was a normal family.' Earlier today, Middle East terror group ISIS released a statement saying: 'The attacker yesterday in front of the British Parliament in London was a soldier of the Islamic State executing the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations.' ISIS is currently being squeezed in its stronghold of Syria and has previously urged jihadists around the world to attack people in their own countries rather than travel to join them.
Armed police have arrested eight other people and raided six properties in London and Birmingham as they attempt to find any associates Masood may have had.
People tend to come and go quite quickly.' Scotland Yard said that it was 'not prepared to discuss' the operation coordinated with West Midlands Police, but a witness who works nearby said of the flat on Hagley Road: 'The man from London lived here.' The Hyundai Tucson 4x4 which was used as a weapon to kill the two pedestrians and injure at least 29 others was also rented in the same area.British-born, known to the intelligence services and the police, previously questioned about his extremist views and holding convictions for assaults, including GBH, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Nor is it sensible to believe that “extremism” can ever be eradicated.They will not be forgotten." PA Theresa May laid flowers for victims of the terror attack today Labour's Barry Sheerman (Huddersfield) said: "While thinking of the victims of the terrorist outrage last year, I think all of us on the benches hope that the families of those people who were tragically killed have been looked after." Sports minister Tracey Crouch, in her reply, said: "PC Keith Palmer was an avid Charlton Athletic fan and it was only right that the club actually respected him by turning his usual red seat in The Valley white with his number written on it, so his memory will always live on at the football club." MP Tobias Ellwood, who tried in vain to save the life of Pc Keith Palmer after he was stabbed while on duty in the Palace of Westminster, paid tribute to the police for their work in a country "that seems to be getting more dangerous and more volatile".Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
Why political rebels love WhatsApp Read more Police and the security services have for some years expressed concerns about the ability of firms to provide messaging services using end-to-end encryption that means texts and emails cannot be accessed in extremis by the service provider, or by the authorities demanding information with a warrant.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Four people including the suspected attacker and a police officer died in Wednesday’s attack.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP Last year in Germany a Syrian who blew himself up outside a café and a Pakistani who attacked a family on the train were, it was subsequently discovered, coached to carry out the attacks.
The Met police said that six of these – including two women and four men arrested at two addresses in Birmingham – had been released from custody with no further action, while a woman arrested in east London has been bailed until early March.
The woman is being held under the Police and Criminal Evidence Act. One of the arrests took place at Navigation Way in Birmingham at a house in the same estate that Masood had once lived.He personifies the brave men and women of our police and emergency services who work around the clock to keep us safe – tonight all Londoners are grateful to them.” London, March 22: At least 12 people are reportedly injured on Westminster Bridge after shots fired were heard near United Kingdom (UK) Parliament in London, news agency Reuters reported.Cochran, who was travelling across Europe with his wife, Melissa, to celebrate 25 years of marriage, died after being hit by the car driven by Khalid Masood.
Layton said he ran the recording studio with Kurt Cochran.
He always had a smile on his face.” Security at the Palace of Westminster is under intense scrutiny after the attack, report Rajeev Syal, Rowena Mason and Heather Stewart: A string of MPs identified Carriage Gates, the entrance on Parliament Square used by the attacker, as a vulnerable point as the officers most closely guarding it are not armed and the gate tends to be left open during parliamentary votes.
The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time.
Earlier on Thursday evening, Stephen Dorrell, chair of European Movement UK, said it would not go ahead, citing the extra burden on police following Wednesday’s terror attack.
My colleague Denis Campbell has spoken to NHS staff who were among the first to respond to Wednesday’s attack: It was a typically busy day in the emergency department at King’s College hospital when Dr Emer Sutherland started receiving text messages from relatives and friends.
Theresa May was whisked away from parliament – where she is believed to have been in the voting lobby of the Commons – to Downing Street after the attacker, Khalid Masood, breached the security cordon of the parliamentary estate and fatally stabbed PC Keith Palmer.
The Metropolitan police had earlier said Masood was likely not to have been his birth name.SWNS LONDON-RELATED: The operation was led by the Met Police DS TERROR ROUTE: This is the journey the terrorist took SWNS ARRESTS: Police have made a number of arrests on the road Essex Live reported that the black Hyundai i40 was registered to an address in the commuter town in September last year."One of those who died today was a police officer, Pc Keith Palmer, a member of our parliamentary and diplomatic protection command.A police officer is given a floral tribute by a member of the public to lay as a tribute to PC Keith Palmer Colleague PC James Aitkenhead said: “Keith was a genuinely nice person — nobody had a bad word to say about him.
Top Met cop Mark Rowley said: "We are forensically examining a complicated crime scene that covers a wide area, and as with all investigations of this nature it will take us some time to work through the painstaking work necessary to get all of the relevant evidence." The scene inside Parliament Yard where the police officer was knifed to death The lockdown on Parliament, which saw hundreds of MPs and parliamentary staff kept inside Commons buildings for their safety, has now been lifted.Four people have died and a number of others have been hurt - including some with ''catastrophic'' injuries - in a major security incident on Westminster Bridge, a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital has said.
Key Events What we know so far A single as-yet-unnamed attacker today drove a car into pedestrians walking on Westminster Bridge, killing two of them, before running with a knife through the front gates of the Palace of Westminster, where he killed a police officer before being shot dead.
Prime Minister Theresa May has confirmed that four people - including one police officer and the perpetrator - died in today’s “sick and depraved” attack in Westminster.
21:14Tom Eden PM condemns ‘sick and depraved’ attack Theresa May has given a statement outside Downing Street where she condemns “the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our capital this afternoon.” She added: “I can confirm that this appalling incident began when a single attacker drove his vehicle into pedestrians crossing Westminster Bridge.
“We will all move forward together, never giving in to terror and never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart.” 21:12KEY EVENT How events unfolded Here’s how events unfolded in the Westminster attack: Emergency services are called at 2.40pm to an incident in the area of Parliament Square.
It emerges that an attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing a policeman before being shot dead by other officers.
Around 1,000 people who were taken to Westminster Abbey for safety are now being processed by police.Scotland Yard urged the crowd to put delays in letting them leave into context.Chief Superintendent Raj Kohli told the crowd: “There are families planning funerals as we speak so let’s put it into context.” 20:01Tom Eden More details on the injured (Image: ap) Pauline Cranmer, London Ambulance Service deputy director of operations, has given further details of the injured.
MPs and Lords will sit as normal tomorrow, Parliament confirms: 18:28Tom Eden Latest update on the Westminster attack Here’s an updated rundown of what we know so far: Four people, including a police officer and the attacker, have died and more than 20 others wounded, some with catastrophic injuries One woman was killed on Westminster Bridge after a number of pedestrians were mowed down by a car It is believed a second person was killed in the incident on the bridge Another woman ended up in the Thames and was treated for serious injuries after being pulled from the water A group of French schoolchildren were among those targeted on the bridge The attacker jumped out the car and fatally stabbed a police officer in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster The knifeman was shot dead moments later by another officer Police are treating the incident as a terrorist attack Prime Minister Theresa May will be chairing a meeting of the Government’s emergency Cobra committee 18:22KEY EVENT How the terror attack unfolded Mr Rowley, the UK’s most senior counter-terror officer, explained how the attack unfolded.
He said: “The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
18:13Tom Eden Latest from inside Westminster Hall Police have told hundreds of people being held in Westminster Hall they are being treated as “potential witnesses” and they should expect to be held there for 60 to 90 minutes.London Ambulance Service is offering medical attention to diabetics.Japan stands in solidarity with Prime Minister May of the United Kingdom, as well as with its people during this difficult time.
Turnbull said: As prime minister Theresa May said earlier this morning, the values of the British parliament command the admiration and respect of free people everywhere.
Thursday’s Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a “marauding attack” for years.
The Guardian view on the Westminster attack: solidarity against terror | Editorial.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Fallon said police had to work on the assumption others may have helped prepare the attack.
Fallon says he has passed many people going to work as normal in London this morning, including pupils on school trips, and says parliament will sit as normal at 9.30am.
“We have the best police force in the world … we have great people who look after us and our head of security is second to none and proved it yesterday,” he said.
“We lost someone but no one got into parliament.” Jess Phillips, the chair of the women’s PLP, said that the group of Labour’s female politicians had met the day before with the deputy speaker, Lindsay Hoyle, and the head of security in parliament to talk about safety.
“Today we will attend a statement to honour Keith Palmer, but to honour him and the sacrifice he made for us we will keep going to our constituency meetings and parliament debates.” Summary of latest Met Police briefing Good morning from London.
Rowley revised down the death toll – four people killed in the attack in Westminster yesterday, including the killer and parliament police officer Keith Palmer.We have reviewed our patrols to ensure we provide visible reassurance." Key Events Update on London terror attack arrests The Met Police has released a statement confirming that six people arrested as part of the investigation into the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released from police custody with no further police action.
15:45Sam Yarwood-MEN Woman was arrested in a public place It has now been confirmed that the second person to be arrested in Manchester - a 32-year-old woman - was not arrested at the address in West Didsbury which is at the centre of the investigation.
A picture shows how police have taken away a car from inside the gated complex where a man in his 30s was arrested last night in west Didsbury.
A man of 35 was arrested at the complex in west Didsbury last night and this morning a 32-year-old woman was also arrested in Manchester.
A house on Lawnside Mews, in West Didsbury , was raided by officers overnight and a man, believed to be in his 30s, was taken into custody.
13:14 What we know about the arrest Here is what we know about the terror arrest in Manchester: A man, in his 30s, was arrested at Lawnside Mews in West Didsbury overnight in relation to the London terror attack The arrest was at a small gated complex of flats and houses The arrest was made overnight, at the same time an arrest took place in the West Midlands The Met Police said the arrest was ‘signifcant’ GMP say there is no specific intelligence suggesting that there is any raised levelof threat within Greater Manchester Nine people remain in police custody over the attack which happened at Westminster on Wednesday afternoon 12:53 Pictures from scene Here are the latest pictures from Lawnside Mews where a man was arrested overnight in connection with the London terror attack.
12:48 Live on Facebook from West Didsbury 12:44 Police statement on Manchester arrest Assistant Chief Constable Rob Potts said: The horrific events of London have affected people across the nation and we know it has been felt strongly in our communities, here in Greater Manchester.
Those arrested include a 39-year-old woman held at an address in east London the night after the attack on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
A 21-year-old woman and a 23-year-old man were also arrested at an address in Birmingham the night after the attack on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
A 26-year-old woman and three men aged 28, 27 and 26 were arrested at a separate address in Birmingham the night after the attack on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
A 58-year-old man was arrested on Thursday morning at a separate address in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.Leslie Rhodes, killed On Thursday night police announced that a 75-year-old man who had been injured in the attack had died.
Relatives said she suffered serious injuries in the attack and is still being treated in hospital.
Another of Kurt's relatives, Shantell Payne, wrote in a separate Facebook post on Thursday: "This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core.
RIP." The Monday following the attack, Clint Payne read out a statement on behalf of the family at London's Scotland Yard, attended by thirteen of Cochran's relatives.
Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images In a statement on Thursday, his family said he would be remembered as a "wonderful dad and husband," a loving son, brother and uncle, and a long-time supporter of Charlton FC.
The French embassy confirmed on Friday that three students, aged 15 and 16, who were on a school trip from Britanny, remain in hospital in London with injuries that a spokesperson said "were not life-threatening".
The Polish embassy in London confirmed in a tweet that a Polish national was hurt in the attack, but said he had suffered minor injuries and was released from hospital on Thursday.Image:Armed police respond outside Parliament 3.30pm Act of terrorism The Metropolitan Police say the attack is being treated "as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise".
Image:Armed officers cordon off Westminster Bridge 4pm Scale of attack A spokesperson confirms the Prime Minister is back at No 10.
Thirty minutes later, Met Police commander BJ Harrington confirms police officers were among those injured in the Westminster attack and says extra officers have been deployed across London.
Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood.
Image:PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death by a terrorist as he stood guard outside Parliament 23 March 8.40am Second victim named The second victim is named as Aysha Frade, 43, who was on her way to pick up her children from school when she was killed on Westminster Bridge.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area."I am grateful for all their efforts." TIMELINE OF TERROR Lone wolf attacker mowed down crowds of pedestrians in 4x4 on Westminster Bridge He then crashed into gate outside Parliament before stabbing policeman PC Keith Palmer, 48, to death Armed cops put Westminster on lockdown as attack brought London to a standstill yesterday afternoon Four people died - including the attacker who was shot by police - and 29 are injured, including seven critical Eight people arrested today after six raids at addresses in London, Birmingham and elsewhere Cops believe they know the identity of the suspect who was inspired by Islamic terrorism The Hyundai used to carry out the attack was hired last Thursday in Birmingham, according to Newsnight Hero MP Tobias Ellwood attempted to revive PC Palmer but husband and father could not be saved Theresa May condemned attack as 'sick and depraved' before holding emergency Cobra meeting MPs were locked in House of Commons for five hours PC Palmer, a member of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Squad and former Bombardier in the Royal Artillery Army Reserve between '87-'01 , was killed as he tried to stop the attacker at about 2.30pm on Wednesday, while two members of the public were also fatally injured.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended Early reports indicate a car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the gates of Westminster just around the corner.Follow the author of this article Follow the topics within this article The life of a Utah man who ran a recording studio at his home before he was killed in a high-profile London attack that also injured his wife was celebrated Saturday with the local music he loved.
Family members of Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt Cohran was killed in the March 22 London terror attack, perform during a memorial concertCredit: Rick Bowmer/AP The West Bountiful couple was on the last day of a European trip celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary when the attack happened.Sir Michael said: "They have been working right through the night, looking into his background, how he got hold of the vehicle, where the vehicle has been in the last day or two, and who may, or may not, have helped him." Police confirmed that four people died including PC Keith Palmer and the attacker (Picture: Reuters) Acting deputy Met Police Mark Rowley said: "It is our believe that the attacker acted alone during the Westminster attack yesterday and was inspired by international terrorism.
Police refused to say whether it was connected to the London terror attack (Picture: Caters) Police at the scene in Birmingham where a flat has been raided (Picture: Caters) Bursting through the gate to the Palace of Westminster, he stabbed Pc Palmer before being shot dead by armed officers.
Several people have been arrested as a result of the raid in Birmingham (Picture: SWNS) (Picture: SWNS) Speaking outside Scotland Yard on Wednesday night, Acting Deputy Commissioner Mark Rowley, the Met’s senior anti-terror officer, said police believe the suspect was ‘inspired by international terrorism’, and they believe they know who he was.Hide Caption 1 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament An armed police officer stands over the attacker, identified as Khalid Masood, outside Parliament.
"The driver then got access to the parliamentary estate, stabbed a police officer and was shot." Hide Caption 2 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Masood is treated by emergency services as police look on at the scene outside the Houses of Parliament.
Hide Caption 4 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Emergency workers attend to injured people at the scene.
Hide Caption 5 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament Medics treat a victim on Westminster Bridge.
Hide Caption 10 of 15 Photos:Deadly attack outside UK Parliament A police officer stands guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.“I know I speak for everyone in expressing my enduring thanks and admiration for the members of the Metropolitan Police Service and all who work so selflessly to help and protect others.” Sophie and Nicola look at pug clothing with Nicola's dog Poppy.“We applaud the quick response of British police and first responders.” Spicer said “our thoughts and prayers” were with the victims and the UK had the “full support of the US government in bringing those responsible to justice”.
We’re going to provide the assistance we can with the British government to try and get to the bottom of this.” Speaking in Berlin on Wednesday evening, the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said: “Even if the background to these attacks has yet to be cleared up, I would like to emphasise on behalf of Germany and its citizens: we stand resolutely on Britain’s side in the fight against any form of terrorism.” The mayor of Berlin, Michael Müller, expressed his solidarity with the citizens of London while speaking at a campaign event with the Social Democratic leader, Martin Schulz, saying he had been due to meet the London mayor, Sadiq Khan, next week.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.This is the moment a car careered across Westminster before mowing down pedestrians and smashing into barrier at 50mph during a ‘terror’ rampage Sky News The driver of the silver car is led away from the scene by cops outside Parliament this morning A man, in his twenties, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Police surround the vehicle outside the Houses of Parliament this morning The driver, in his 20s, was led away from the scene in handcuffs by armed cops after several people were injured in the “very sinister” smash at around 7.40am.
This is what we know so far… A car crashed into anti-terror barriers outside the Houses of Parliament at 7.40am Several people have been hurt – but cops say none have life-threatening injuries Witnesses saw a silver car “deliberately” travelling towards Westminster at 50mph A man, in his 20s, has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences Westminster Tube station and Westminster Bridge remain on lockdown Extra cops will now be stationed at key transport hubs across the country Theresa May has praised medics and police for their quick response to the “attack” Met Police confirmed the suspect is currently being quizzed on suspicion of terror offences at a South London police station.
A man is led away from the silver car by armed cops outside Parliament this morning Police sprint to the scene of the crash this morning Terrified members of the public are lead away from Parliament Square by cops Bus driver Victor Ogbomo, 49, was driving passengers past the front of Westminster when he saw the crash.(AAP) () A dozen people have been arrested since Wednesday's attack by 52-year-old Khalid Masood, who deliberately ran down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge then stabbed a policeman just inside the gates of parliament.
Related Articles The arrest came as the government confirmed Masood had used the WhatsApp messaging service, saying it was crucial that the security services be allowed to access the heavily-encrypted app.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.Amber Rudd has called for the police and intelligence agencies to be given access to WhatsApp and other encrypted messaging services to thwart future terror attacks, prompting opposition politicians and civil liberties groups to say her demand was unrealistic and disproportionate.
See the full visual Brian Paddick, the Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman and a former deputy assistant commissioner in the Metropolitan police, said that giving the security services access to encrypted messages would be “neither a proportionate nor an effective response” to the Westminster attack.What we know about the killed and injured victims of the Westminster terror attack Friday, March 24, 2017 - 06:42 PM Khalid Masood killed three people and injured scores more after ploughing a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before stabbing Pc Keith Palmer to death.
His mother told Brittany website Le Telegramme: "It was the school who told us Wednesday afternoon that the attack had taken place and our son was one of the victims." Andreea Cristea and Andrei Burnaz Andrei Burnaz and Andreea Cristea, 29, were on the bridge when the car ploughed into them Miss Cristea was thrown into the River Thames, and subsequently suffered a blood clot on the brain for which she was operated on.
Other victims: An Italian woman who was on holiday in the capital was hit by the terrorist's car, the country's embassy in London said.They then made their way to Parliament Square where they said they saw a man in his 20s or 30s, who they thought was the suspect, being spoken to by police next to the wall of the offices.
Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago.
Khalid MasoodCredit: PA Security in the area has been noticeably more high profile since Khalid Masood killed four people by ramming them with his car on Westminster Bridge before stabbing to death Pc Keith Palmer just inside the grounds of Parliament on March 22.Vigil: Crowds gathered in Trafalgar Square (Amy Ashenden) “Our response to this attack on our city, on our way of life, on our shared values, shows the world what it means to be a Londoner.” Three candles were lit in memory of the three victims of the attack.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.The security forces acted swiftly and courageously to protect parliament and the public.
The police officer who later died of his injuries stopped the attacker at the gates off Parliament Square.
In 1979, the IRA murdered the senior Tory MP Airey Neave with a car bomb only yards from where today’s attack took place.Pedestrians were also hit by a vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge.Published OnMarch 22, 2017CreditCreditImage by Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times LONDON — A knife-wielding assailant driving a sport utility vehicle mowed down panicked pedestrians and stabbed a police officer outside Parliament on Wednesday in a deadly assault, prompting the hasty evacuation of the prime minister and punctuating the threat of terrorism in Europe.
Throughout a turbulent afternoon, ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament, as one of the busiest sections of London was cordoned off and evacuated.
Driving a sport utility vehicle, the assailant slammed into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge near Parliament, killing two people and injuring many others, before crashing into a railing.
Image People came to the aid of the wounded after the driver of a large vehicle mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge.CreditToby Melville/Reuters Commander Harrington said that the acting police commissioner, Craig Mackey, had been at the scene of the attack and was not injured, but was “being treated as a significant witness.” At least three police officers were among those injured on the bridge.
“I saw the man on the ground being repeatedly stabbed, or pummeled.” Mr. Saunders said two or three other police officers arrived, and “there were two or three gunshots.” Corinne Desray, a teacher who was outside Parliament with 39 teenage students on a three-day school trip from northern France, said they had heard three shots.
“I told the kids to leave quickly, we’re heading back to the bus.” Image Ambulances, emergency vehicles and heavily armed security officers thronged the area outside Parliament.CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times Kirsten Hurrell, 70, who owns a newsstand opposite Big Ben, said she had seen a car swerve across a bicycle lane and into a fence around Parliament.What We Know So Far: Khalid Masood, 52, originally from Kent, was named as the Westminster attacker by the Metropolitan police.
Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. 01, 2017, at 12:12 PM All people arrested in connection with the Westminster terror attack have now been released All those arrested in connection with the terrorist attack in Westminster have now been released and police will take no further action.
A 30-year-old man arrested on March 26 in Birmingham on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts and detained under the Terrorism Act was released on Sunday, Met police said in a statement.
Posted at Mar. 30, 2017, at 17:46 PM London attacker killed by single gunshot to chest, coroner says Matt Dunham / AP The man who mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before fatally attacking a police officer outside parliament was killed by a single gunshot to the chest, coroner's officials said.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 28, 2017, at 07:17 AM Wife of Khalid Masood expresses her sorrow for those killed Dan Kitwood / Getty Images Rohey Hydara, wife of the man who attacked parliament last week, gave a statement through police in which she expressed her "sadness" for those who had lost their lives.
In a statement issued Monday, Janet Ajao said she in no way condoned the actions of her son Khalid Masood, who was shot dead by police during the attack, which killed four people: I am so deeply shocked, saddened and numbed by the actions my son has taken that have killed and injured innocent people in Westminster.
—Jason Wells Posted at Mar. 27, 2017, at 16:13 PM No evidence Masood had any direct connections to ISIS or al-Qaeda, Met police say More information has emerged about the actions of the man who killed four people – including a police officer – outside the houses of parliament before being shot dead.
The Metropolitan police said the man was arrested on Sunday at an address in the city on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
"We need to make sure that organisations like WhatsApp, and there are plenty of others like that, don't provide a secret place for terrorists to communicate with each other." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:26 AM Police: Khalid Masood acted alone Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire/PA Images The Metropolitan police have said they believe Westminster attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, and warned that we may never know why he acted as he did.
Masood was shot by police 82 seconds after his murderous attack began and later died, and while 11 arrests were made in the days after the attack, only one man remains in custody and one woman is out on bail.
"We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned," said deputy assistant commissioner Neil Basu, the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism policing.
If the latter proves to be the case, they will face justice." Appealing for members of the public to help the investigation into the killings, Basu said: "If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward." —Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. 26, 2017, at 07:18 AM Family of murdered PC "overwhelmed" by support Metropolitan police The family of slain police officer Keith Palmer have said they are "overwhelmed by the love and support" they have received since the 48-year-old was killed.
—Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 25, 2017, at 17:40 PM Only one person remains in custody over Wednesday's attack On Saturday evening police revealed that one of the two people still in custody in connection with the attack in Westminster had been released.
Seven other people have also been released and one woman remains out on bail, meaning only one person remains in custody over Khalid Masood's attack –&nbsp;a 58-year-old man who was arrested on Thursday morning at an address in Birmingham, who is being detained under anti-terror laws.
One other woman remains on police bail: a 39-year-old arrested at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts.
While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices.
Khalid Masood – born Adrian Elms – has been named as the man who killed four people and injured 50 others in an attack on Westminster on Wednesday.
Earlier, acting deputy Met police commissioner Mark Rowley said they believed Masood was born Adrian Russell Ajao.
Met police release more information about Westminster attacker Khalid Masood's birth name has been stated as Adrian Russell Ajao, acting deputy police commissioner Mark Rowley has said in a briefing outside New Scotland Yard this morning.
Details around the attacker, named by the Metropolitan police as 52-year-old Khalid Masood, continue to emerge on Friday morning.
Social media was awash with people who challenged him to retract the statement after the prime minister told the House of Commons on Thursday morning that the attacker was born in Britain and had been investigated at some point by security services.
—Rose Troup Buchanan Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 13:20 PM Security services could have dropped monitoring attacker because of resources or the closure of an investigation Stressing they did not know the identity of the attacker, a former British intelligence officer told BuzzFeed News that "peripheral figure" would indicate an individual that MI5 would have looked into, and possibly monitored, for reasons of behaviour, background, or connections.
Updating parliament on the ongoing investigation into Wednesday's attack, the prime minister confirmed that the attacker, whose identity has not been publicly disclosed, was born in the UK and was known to the police and intelligence services.
"The only people to blame for acts of terrorism are the individuals who plan and perpetrate them." Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson expressed her "deep shock" at the events in London, but went on to warn would-be attackers: "We will not be silenced, and we will not be cowed." Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale described Westminster as a "beacon of democracy", and went on to say that "this cannot and must not turn into a war on any one community".
It is by demonstrating our values of solidarity, community, humanity and love that we will defeat the poison and division of hatred." The Scottish National Party's leader in the House of Commons Angus Robertson echoed May and Corbyn's sentiments, saying: "Today of all days we are reminded that notwithstanding our differences on political and constitutional issues we are as one in our dedication to democracy, the rule of law and harmony between peoples of all faiths and none." Robertson also paid tribute to police,and the bravery of the Conservative minister who went to the aid of the stabbed officer: "'We are all hugely grateful to all the police, security staff and first responders who ran towards danger without concern to their safety, and I include in that our colleague the Right Honourable and gallant member for Bournemouth East Tobias Ellwood." Parliament is to review its security procedures in an emergency meeting later today in the wake of yesterday's terror attack.
"As acting Deputy Commissioner Rowley has made clear, we are stepping up policing to protect communities across the country and to reassure the public." May praised the security and emergency forces for their swift and calm response to the attack, made more remarkable after they had "lost one of their own".
Posted at Mar. 23, 2017, at 09:47 AM Minute's silence held for those killed in Westminster attack The streets around parliament remained closed on Thursday morning.
Aysha Frade, a 43-year-old teacher and mother of two, was one of those killed in Wednesday's attack on Westminster, her place of work confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Thursday morning.
Met police revise death toll to four, including attacker Four people, including the attacker, died in the attack on Westminster yesterday, the Metropolitan police confirmed to BuzzFeed News this morning following Commissioner Mark Rowley's earlier statement.
Previous statements from New Scotland Yard had said that five people – including the attacker –&nbsp;had been killed in the assault outside the British parliament.
"I do want to reassure you that the police and the security services are doing everything possible to make sure that people can go about their daily life as safely as possible." The Metropolitan police confirm seven arrests made last night Mark Rowley, the national lead for counterterrorism policing and the acting deputy commissioner, confirmed that seven arrests had been made, following raids on six properties across the country.
Among the dead were a "mix of nationalities", Rowley said, declining to name any of those killed other than 48-year-old police officer Keith Palmer.
Meanwhile, he said London will see an increased police presence, as at least 60 officers continue working on a "large and complicated crime scene" outside Westminster.
The BBC subsequently said it had been told police confirmed the raids were linked to the attack outside Westminster on Wednesday afternoon.
The officer, 48-year-old Keith Palmer, was a member of the parliamentary and diplomatic command, said Mark Rowley, the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan police.
The identify of the attacker had not been released, but Rowley said police believe he was inspired by international terrorism.
"The police stand with all communities in the UK and will take action against anyone who seeks to undermine society, especially where their crimes are motivated by hate." —Claudia Koerner Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 21:27 PM Government officials describe crawling on hands and knees to escape attack Carl Court / Getty Images Grant Shapps was walking through from his office to a vote in the House of Commons, making small talk with a handful of fellow Conservative MPs, when he noticed something was amiss at the gates of parliament.
"The terrorists chose to strike at the heart of our capital city where people of all nationalities, religions, and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy, and freedom of speech." The single attacker first drove into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, May said, killing two people and injuring others – including three police officers.
The prime minister praised police and emergency responders, and said parliament would return to its business as normal on Thursday, as would other Londoners.
All eight remain in the hospital." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 18:58 PM Trump offers condolences to Theresa May during call about Westminster attack US president Donald Trump called the UK prime minister to offer support Wednesday afternoon.
"We obviously condemn today's attack in Westminster, which the United Kingdom is treating as an act of terrorism, and we applaud the quick response that the British police and their first responders made to the situation," he said.
"The attack started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge hitting and injuring a number of members of the public, including three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony," Rowley said.
He added that police "we're satisfied at this stage that there looks to be only one attacker but it would be foolish to be over-confident so early on." Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:48 PM Photograph appears to show knives at scene of parliament attack This photograph taken from inside the Palace of Westminster by PA's Stefan Rousseau shows an armed officer standing on what appears to be a knife.
"It wasn't scary while it happened, but now after the event, I'm shaken." Matthew Champion / BuzzFeed News Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 17:25 PM Met police say counterterrorism investigation is underway Jack Taylor / Getty Images Commander B.J. Harrington Scotland Yard's Commander B.J. Harrington said the Metropolitan police are remaining open-minded as to the motive at this stage, but that a full counterterrorism investigation is already underway.
"Public safety is our top priority and we are reviewing our policing stance across London, and throughout the course of this afternoon there will be additional police and officers deployed across the capital." The Met police have asked members of the public to avoid the following areas to allow emergency services to deal with the investigation: Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway, and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube.
"We can confirm we have treated at least 10 patients on Westminster Bridge and have put a number of hospitals on alert as we continue to respond to this incident," he said in a statement.
—Rose Buchanan and Sara Spary Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:35 PM London mayor confirms incidents are being treated as terrorism Stefan Rousseau / PA Wire The mayor of London, Sadiq Khan, said that the incident is being treated as a terrorist attack until the police know otherwise.
My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said "I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances," he added.
Davidson tweeted: "Very pleased that sense has won the day & Holyrood has been suspended until we have a better understanding of what is going on in WM." Sturgeon added: "My thoughts are with everyone in and around Westminster caught up in this dreadful incident – and with the brave emergency services." —Jamie Ross Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 16:02 PM Some MPs and peers have been evacuated from parliament Many politicians inside parliament have been evacuated by armed police, while some other areas remain in lockdown.
"Officers – including firearms officers – remain on the scene and we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise." A police officer was stabbed at Westminster and the attacker was shot by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said The leader of the House of Commons, David Lidington, has just spoken in parliament and said a police officer was stabbed.
"I shall endeavour to do the very best I can, both at the despatch box and by communicating with my opposite numbers in other political parties to ensure that members are kept aware of what is happening, but at the moment, the very clear advice from the police and the director of security in the house is that we should remain under suspension and that the chamber should remain in lockdown until we receive advice that it is safe to go back to normal procedures." —Marie Le Conte Posted at Mar. 22, 2017, at 15:10 PM This is the scene outside parliament shortly after the incident Phil Han / BuzzFeed News Parliament Square is being closed and cleared, with an emergency helicopter parked in the middle of the area.On the bridge where the first attacks took place, Muslim women have gathered in solidarity.
Yesterday afternoon, nearly 100 Muslim women gathered on the bridge where the first attacks took place.
“Keith Palmer is a hero and we are marking our respect for him and all the emergency services who protect us.” Women of all religions and none link hands on Westminster Bridge as a tribute to victims to the recent terror attack.UK Parliament Attack: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know Armed police officer stand guard near Westminster Bridge and the Houses of Parliament on March 22.
(Getty) An attacker drove a SUV into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge, killing and wounding several others, crashed into a fence near the UK Parliament and then attacked police officers with a knife before he was shot by police.
At least five people were killed in the attack, including a police officer and the assailant, the London Metropolitan Police said at a press conference.
The BBC reported that a police officer was near the Houses of Parliament, located in central London, when the assailant tried to enter after fleeing from his car.
Police released a statement about the raids to national media that confirmed they took place in connection with the London attack.“I would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency services who work so hard to keep us safe and show tremendous bravery in exceptionally difficult circumstances." But shocked Londoners used Twitter to ask why their Mayor had not responded to the attack earlier.Yet with the country on high terror alert a killer was still able to run into the grounds of parliament and murder an officer Policeman killed, as well as attacker, two civilians and 20 injured in attack today Took place at Palace of Westminster, the Government's most important building A massive increase in security introduced after the 7/7 bombings and the deaths of dozens of people on the continent were still not enough to prevent today's attack on the heart of Britain's Government.
A policeman was stabbed to death at the gates of the Palace of Westminster today, where Theresa May had been answering Prime Minster's Questions in front of hundreds of MPs. At least 20 people were injured beforehand, and at least two of them killed, when the attacker drove a 4x4 along the pavement of Westminster Bridge, which had chilling echoes of the atrocity in Nice last year.
An attacker was today shot and killed at the gates of the Palace of Westminster but he managed to kill a policeman and two civilians, despite years of investment in security since the 7/7 bombings in 2005 At least twenty people were injured and two were killed after the car mounted the pavement and mowed down pedestrians and cyclists on Westminster Bridge on its way to the parliamentary building The driver managed to reach the palace (pictured) and kill a policeman, despite years of increased security following the 7/7 bombings and numerous attack on the continent in France and Germany in recent years The attack today targeted arguably the most important building in Britain, leaving police and security services on high alert, guarding British landmarks in case of subsequent attacks.
Police are asking people to avoid Parliament Square, Whitehall, Westminster Bridge, Lambeth Bridge, Victoria Street up to the junction with Broadway and the Victoria Embankment up to Embankment tube Westminster Tube station, pictured, was close after the attack and officers are now guarding numerous stops in central London during the busy rush hour PERVIOUS ATTACKS THAT SPARKED SECURITY INCREASES London's transport system was hit by four co-ordinated suicide bomb attacks in July 2005 that left 52 people dead, carried out by British attackers inspired by Al-Qaeda terror network.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.
BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP The press offices at Westminster run all along the top floor of the palace, from Big Ben then around to Westminster Hall, directly overlooking what was clearly an incident of immense seriousness.
From office windows over Westminster Bridge, people had watched it mount the pavement and leave a trail of casualties in its wake, before twisting through ninety degrees and crashing into the barriers of the parliamentary estate.
Its driver had escaped, running past tourists on the packed pavement, a knife in his hand, and round to the front gate where police officers wait to let ministers and their ministerial cars in and out.
The Palace of Westminster is like any large office with thousands of staff.
The scene where the police officer died outside Parliament (PA) A second wave of panic swept the building twenty minutes later, spread by what turned out to be the loud shouts of Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officers in their blue/grey uniforms, moving through every courtyard and corridor of the vast building.
Below the stairs at Westminster Hall, where members of the Royal Family stand guard over the coffin when one of their number is laid in state, visitors, tourists, constituents who had arrived for meetings with their MPs were kept in offices unable to leave.BBC News 3/9 Crowds gather in Westminster after shooting incident, which police are treating as terror attack BBC News 4/9 Police were also called to an incident on Westminster Bridge nearby AP 5/9 Early reports indicate the car, which mounted the pavement on Westminster Bridge and mowed into around a dozen people, was the same vehicle which then rammed into the railings of the Palace of Westminster, just around the corner Reuters 6/9 Security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged Asian man, who is understood to have left the car before attacking a police officer with a seven-to-eight inch knife PA wire 7/9 Police have asked people to avoid the immediate area to allow emergency services to deal with the ongoing incident AP 8/9 One woman has died and a number of others, including the police officer, have been hurt, according to a junior doctor at St Thomas' Hospital Reuters 9/9 At least three gun shots were heard by those inside Westminster, and proceedings in the House of Commons have been suspended AP 1/9 An air ambulance lands after gunfire sounds were heard close to the Palace of Westminster in London PA wire 2/9 MPs wait until the situation is under control in Westminster.Armed officers have been placed on standby as Greater Manchester Police review security following the Westminster terror attack.Police and security services are investigating the background of the man who killed four people and injured dozens in a terrorist rampage at Westminster as security was visibly stepped up in the capital on Thursday.
While the Houses of Parliament prepared to sit as normal, officers were attempting to establish the motivation and any terrorist links of the attacker – who was known to counter-terrorism officials – and look into his connections and associates.
Up to 40 people were injured when a lone terrorist attacked Westminster, stabbing a police officer to death as he tried to storm parliament, and killing three members of the public as he careered through the heart of the capital in a 4x4 vehicle.
A man with a knife was then seen running through the gates of the Palace of Westminster, across New Palace Yard and stabbing a police officer.
“They were just laying there and then the whole crowd just surged around the corner by the gates just opposite Big Ben. A guy came past my right shoulder with a big knife and just started plunging it into the policeman.” UK terror attacks since 11 September 2001 The Bournemouth MP, a former soldier, was pictured with blood on his forehead, helping the police officer in Parliament Square.
The Westminster attack is a tragedy, but it’s not a threat to democracy | Simon Jenkins Read more Hospitals in London were put on alert and of the 20 injured, eight were taken to the major trauma centre at King’s College hospital, with two people in critical condition and six stable.