Metropolitan Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley said the attack had been declared a terrorist incident, and Theresa May was due to chair a meeting of the Government's emergency Cobra committee later today. PA:Press Affiliation Armed police on the scene of the crash as we speak Reuters A police cordon has been arrange round Parliament Sq. Thursdays Guardian editorial calls for solidarity in the wake of the terror attack on Westminster and pays tribute to the officers who intervened: The security forces and police have planned for what they call a marauding attack for years. Isil statement released by Amaq news agency on Thursday afternoon The Prime Minister earlier said the attacker was known to the police and security services, as she defiantly vowed: "We are not afraid and our resolve will never waiver in the face of terrorism." Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament. Forensics investigators and police officers work at the site near Westminster Bridge Credit: NEIL HALL/Reuters But despite the shock of the terror attack, MPs were determined it will be business as usual in Parliament. Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood. We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned, Neil Basu, Deputy Assistant Commissioner and Senior National Coordinator for UK Counter Terrorism Policing, said in a statement issued late Saturday. The Metropolitan Police said today: Given that it appears to have been a deliberate act, the method used and the iconic location, it is being treated as a terrorist incident and the investigation is being led by officers from the Mets Counter Terrorism Command. The Metropolitan Police said today: Given that it appears to have been a deliberate act, the method used and the iconic location, it is being treated as a terrorist incident and the investigation is being led by officers from the Mets Counter Terrorism Command. Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism. In the most detailed breakdown yet of events on Westminster Bridge and parliament on Wednesday, police said that the entire attack, in which Masood had killed four people before being shot dead, lasted a mere 82 seconds. Police quickly labelled it a terrorist attack and said a man drove a large sport utility vehicle into a crowd of people along Westminster Bridge before crashing into a fence along the side of the Parliament buildings. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson speaks at the United Nations on Thursday to address a terrorist attack in London that killed three victims and injured 29 others outside Westminster Palace. It was the first time she has been seen outside her hospital room since the horrific terror attack in central London, which saw Masood mow down innocent people walking along Westminster Bridge on March 22. Share this: Like this: LONDON: British police arrested seven people in armed raids Thursday linked to the deadly terrorist attacks the day before on the symbol of the countrys democracy. Share this: Like this: LONDON: British police arrested seven people in armed raids Thursday linked to the deadly terrorist attacks the day before on the symbol of the countrys democracy. Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries. Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries. London terror attack raises parliamentary security questions 'He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift' Pc Keith Palmer had worked for the Metropolitan Police for 15 years, having previously served in the armed forces. London terror attack raises parliamentary security questions 'He was someone who left for work today expecting to return home at the end of his shift' Pc Keith Palmer had worked for the Metropolitan Police for 15 years, having previously served in the armed forces. Investigators said Masood, 52, was shot dead by responding police at the gates of British Parliament on Wednesday after he struck several people with his vehicle on the nearby Westminster Bridge in an attack claimed by the Islamic State militant group. Four People Died in the Attack, Including an American Tourist & an English Police Officer Kurt and Melissa Cochran, tourists from Utah, were both injured on Westminster bridge during the London terror attack. Police line London streets in memory of PC Keith Palmer Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt was killed in the Westminster attack, said she was thinking of other victims of the terrible day. Police line London streets in memory of PC Keith Palmer Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt was killed in the Westminster attack, said she was thinking of other victims of the terrible day. Two police officers injured in the attack are also in hospital with "significant injuries" after Masood ploughed a car down Westminster Bridge and stormed the Parliamentary estate armed with two blades, fatally knifing Pc Keith Palmer. Quentin Letts, the Daily Mails parliamentary sketchwriter, said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons, the Press Association reports. Violence struck in Britain Wednesday in the form of a terror attack outside the British Parliament, leaving five people dead, including a police man, and many others injured. By Tyler Durden / ZeroHedge.com An assailant was shot outside the British parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said on Wednesday after loud bangs were heard and a Reuters photographer saw at least a dozen injured people on a nearby bridge. This morning, the Mets top anti-terror officer Mark Rowley said 29 people had been treated in hospital and seven remain in a critical condition following the attack in which several pedestrians were mowed down on Westminster Bridge. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country. An assailant was shot outside parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said after loud bangs were heard with at least a dozen injured people on the nearby bridge. An assailant was shot outside parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said after loud bangs were heard with at least a dozen injured people on the nearby bridge. (DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images) 07/17 A police officer stops traffic as the Jaguar car of British Prime Minister Theresa May (R) is driven away from the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 22, 2017 during an emergency incident. Speaking in the House of Commons this morning, just yards from where hero police officer PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death as he tackled the assailant, the Prime Minister defiantly told MPs: "Yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy. Speaking in the House of Commons this morning, just yards from where hero police officer PC Keith Palmer was stabbed to death as he tackled the assailant, the Prime Minister defiantly told MPs: "Yesterday an act of terrorism tried to silence our democracy. A police officer and a woman have been killed near Parliament in central London in what Scotland Yard are treating as a terrorist incident. Security forces move to identify dead suspect in Westminster attack Violence was at one of Britains most important and heavily guarded institutions British Prime Minister Theresa May vows to move forward following a deadly attack in London, saying the country will never give in to terror. Security forces move to identify dead suspect in Westminster attack Violence was at one of Britains most important and heavily guarded institutions British Prime Minister Theresa May vows to move forward following a deadly attack in London, saying the country will never give in to terror.

Photograph: Facundo Arrizabalaga/EPA British police have named Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old from the Birmingham area, as the man who carried out Wednesdays attack at Westminster in which four other people died. Photograph: Facundo Arrizabalaga/EPA British police have named Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old from the Birmingham area, as the man who carried out Wednesdays attack at Westminster in which four other people died. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism.

The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. 10:58pm: The London Ambulance Service said on Wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge, near Britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident. Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Five people have died and at least 40 were injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. Three civilians, and the Islamic terrorist, Khalid Masood, have died and at least 40 have been injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. Three civilians, and the Islamic terrorist, Khalid Masood, have died and at least 40 have been injured after an attacker drove a car along a pavement in Westminster, stabbed a policeman and was shot dead by police in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. A man was shot outside the Houses of Parliament after a car mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and a police officer was stabbed in the terrorist attack this afternoon. A man was shot outside the Houses of Parliament after a car mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and a police officer was stabbed in the terrorist attack this afternoon. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.

British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament.

The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. Police said the 48-year-old became radicalised in just three to four weeks, as evidence from devices he used show him reading posts by the former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson, far-right group Britain First and other extremists. The following day he continued conducting searches for Ms Fransen and Paul Golding, while reading tweets from anonymous posters calling on people to fight and claiming that balloons and teddy bears [wont] stop Muslims killing us and our children. The following day he continued conducting searches for Ms Fransen and Paul Golding, while reading tweets from anonymous posters calling on people to fight and claiming that balloons and teddy bears [wont] stop Muslims killing us and our children. 9/40 2014 - June Around the same time Isis releases a video calling for western Muslims to join the Caliphate and fight, prompting new evaluations of extremists groups social media understanding. By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. Photograph: Rex/Shutterstock For all the understandable insistence that parliament and London would continue as normal after Wednesdays terrorist attack, almost 24 hours later a large section of streets around the area remained sealed off by police. Amaq News Agency, which is linked to Islamic State, said the attacker answered the group's calls to target citizens of states that are fighting against it, though the claim was questioned by the UK police and government. In some no-go zones, host-country authorities are unable or unwilling to provide even basic public aid, such as police, fire fighting and ambulance services, out of fear of being attacked by Muslim gangs that sometimes claim control over such areas. In some no-go zones, host-country authorities are unable or unwilling to provide even basic public aid, such as police, fire fighting and ambulance services, out of fear of being attacked by Muslim gangs that sometimes claim control over such areas. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. Despite the unambiguous nature of the attack, the Metropolitan Police warned that our Muslim communities will feel anxious at this time because of the past behaviour of extreme right wing groups. Despite the unambiguous nature of the attack, the Metropolitan Police warned that our Muslim communities will feel anxious at this time because of the past behaviour of extreme right wing groups. A Muslim-led initiative to raise money for the families of the victims of Wednesday's Islamic State (IS)-claimed attack in London has raised over 22,000 ($17,000) 24 hours since going live. A Muslim-led initiative to raise money for the families of the victims of Wednesday's Islamic State (IS)-claimed attack in London has raised over 22,000 ($17,000) 24 hours since going live. An Independent Inquiry, noted the continuing benign attitude towards UK-based radical jihadists: The British state shows no interest in using its existing legal powers to neutralise terrorist networks in Britain, despite open threats of a new wave of terrorist attacks. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Police also charged Zainub Mirza, a 23-year-old from Bordesley Green, Birmingham, with sending Islamic State propaganda videos and executions to others to encourage jihadist attacks. Police also charged Zainub Mirza, a 23-year-old from Bordesley Green, Birmingham, with sending Islamic State propaganda videos and executions to others to encourage jihadist attacks. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Prime Minister Theresa May, after the London Bridge attack, said there was "far too much tolerance of extremism" in Britain and promised to step up the fight against Islamic terrorism. He also used the internet to try to obtain weapons to use in a possible attack, and used social media to approach people he believed were supporters of Islamic State. He also used the internet to try to obtain weapons to use in a possible attack, and used social media to approach people he believed were supporters of Islamic State. Robinson then goes on to cite a report that claims over 50,000 British Muslims downloaded Al Qaedas terrorist publication called Inspire, which includes radicalizing messages and even detailed guides on how to carry out terror attacks on the West. Robinson then goes on to cite a report that claims over 50,000 British Muslims downloaded Al Qaedas terrorist publication called Inspire, which includes radicalizing messages and even detailed guides on how to carry out terror attacks on the West. Islamic State later claimed responsibility in a brief statement via its news outlet, saying that one of its soldiers had carried out the attack. British Islamist Anjem Choudary, convicted of encouraging people to join the Islamic State, urged the faithful to leave work and to seek unemployment benefits to devote full-time to war against the "infidels". British Islamist Anjem Choudary, convicted of encouraging people to join the Islamic State, urged the faithful to leave work and to seek unemployment benefits to devote full-time to war against the "infidels". The tragedy this week at Westminster in London, which led to scores of people being mowed by an Islamic terrorist named Khalid Masood, is an example of incidents that the police should be trying to prevent more. The tragedy this week at Westminster in London, which led to scores of people being mowed by an Islamic terrorist named Khalid Masood, is an example of incidents that the police should be trying to prevent more.

