The Prime Minister Theresa May said: I have just chaired a meeting of the Government's emergency committee, COBRA, following the sick and depraved terrorist attack on the streets of our Capital this afternoon.

Map Shows Locations Of Incidents In Westminster Attack Chris Applegate / Tom Phillips / BuzzFeed News / Google Maps Updates Posted at Apr. Matthew Champion Posted at Mar. Salvador Hernandez Posted at Mar. 24, 2017, at 17:18 PM Muslim leaders in Birmingham are holding emergency meetings across the city There are concerns of a ramped up anti-Muslim backlash that communities may face following the London terror attack. Jeremy Corbyns suggestion that Britains involvement in military action abroad is linked to terror attacks like the Manchester suicide bomb has been condemned as twisted reasoning by the Governments Security Minister. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. Police said the 48-year-old became radicalised in just three to four weeks, as evidence from devices he used show him reading posts by the former English Defence League leader Tommy Robinson, far-right group Britain First and other extremists. The killings have left the country shaken and it comes after similar terrorist incidents in France and Germany last year, where attackers used heavy vehicles to run over people along the promenade in Nice and at the Berlin Christmas market. Defiant British MPs meanwhile vowed to return to work as normal after the attack on the iconic parliament building in the shadow of Big Ben. Popular Videos There is a great deal that we do not precisely know about what appears to be the latest low-level terror attack at Westminster. The White House said US President Donald Trump spoke with Mrs May to "offer his condolences on today's terror attack in London and his praise for the effective response of security forces and first responders. Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. Naturally, the Islamic State terror network (ISIS) took credit for the atrocity, as it has been wont to do since issuing its plea that Muslims conduct attacks in place  i.e., against the Western societies where they live. One class from the school had visited Westminster today and a parent said pupils had to be evacuated from the London Eye. As Professor Arun Kundani stated in a report reviewing peer reviewed research on the topic, specific kinds of extremist ideology associated with Islamism appear incidental rather than essential to the turn to violence. Mr Farage said that the attack bolstered US president Donald Trump's case for tougher vetting of migrants from some Muslim nations, claiming that countries which open their door to immigration from the Middle East are "inviting in terrorism". A former chief prosecutor says far-right radicalism in the UK has been overlooked Article share tools Sturgeon: Muslim communities 'anxious' Speaking after she chaired a meeting in Scotland, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said police will "remain vigilant" in light of the attack. The interview came after Reuters reported that the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS/Islamic State) terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the deadly Westminster attack in the British capital earlier this week. The Press Association reports: Speaking near Parliament, Ukip leader Paul Nuttall said the country must ensure there was no knee-jerk reaction after the evil attack and called on people to come together and ensure that we move on forward. One of the accounts run from the Kremlin-linked operation attempted to stir anti-Islamic sentiment during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in March in a bogus post claiming a Muslim woman ignored victims  a claim that was highlighted by mainstream media outlets including Mail Online and the Sun. For days after, the tweeter was gleefully sharing press clippings. When the attack happened at around 2.40pm Mrs May had just voted and was standing in members' lobby with other Tory MPs. The office of the Serjeant at Arms, who handles security in the House of Commons, said: "We are aware that there has been an incident that has taken place. In other similar 'terror car' attacks that involved only one person, like in Nice and Berlin last year, there were no eyewitnesses who said that there were two people in the trucks used. Amaq News Agency, which is linked to Islamic State, said the attacker answered the group's calls to target citizens of states that are fighting against it, though the claim was questioned by the UK police and government. Travis Frain, 19, received abusive messages via social media from Islamist and far-right wing extremists who suggested he was making up his unwanted role in the attack by a British-born terrorist who killed five and injured 50 in London in March last year. Nigel Farage has used the London terror attack as a reason to justify Donald Trumps travel ban on travellers from Muslim-majority countries as he appeared on Fox News to claim it showed there should be more vetting of migrants. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. Earlier today, Middle East terror group ISIS released a statement saying: 'The attacker yesterday in front of the British Parliament in London was a soldier of the Islamic State executing the operation in response to calls to target citizens of coalition nations.' A Muslim-led initiative to raise money for the families of the victims of Wednesday's Islamic State (IS)-claimed attack in London has raised over 22,000 ($17,000) 24 hours since going live. Donald Trump offered the "full co-operation and support" of the United States in responding to the Westminster terror attack and "bringing those responsible to justice" in a phone call with Mrs May. 7:04PM Home Secretary urges public to be calm and vigilant Home Secretary Amber Rudd said that the Government's top priority following the Westminster attack was "the security of its people". "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Robinson then goes on to cite a report that claims over 50,000 British Muslims downloaded Al Qaedas terrorist publication called Inspire, which includes radicalizing messages and even detailed guides on how to carry out terror attacks on the West. Islamic State later claimed responsibility in a brief statement via its news outlet, saying that one of its soldiers had carried out the attack. The universitys Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism (START) program found there were 10,900 terrorist attacks around the world last year, which killed a total of 26,400 people, including perpetrators.

Photograph: Facundo Arrizabalaga/EPA British police have named Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old from the Birmingham area, as the man who carried out Wednesdays attack at Westminster in which four other people died. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood. A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned, Neil Basu, Deputy Assistant Commissioner and Senior National Coordinator for UK Counter Terrorism Policing, said in a statement issued late Saturday. Eight people have been arrested and six addresses raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere in connection with the Westminster terror attack, Mark Rowley, the Metropolitan Polices senior anti-terror officer, said. Earlier, the man police believe to be responsible for the terrorist attack in Westminster was formally identified as Khalid Masood (52) Scotland Yard said. Share this: Like this: LONDON: British police arrested seven people in armed raids Thursday linked to the deadly terrorist attacks the day before on the symbol of the countrys democracy. London terror attack: Khalid Masood named as responsible, police make eight further arrests Read more May confirmed, as she said in her statement on Wednesday evening, that the terrorist threat level would not be increased as a result of the incident. A man has been arrested in Birmingham by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, in which four people were killed.

Counter-terrorism detectives have been investigating Masoods life and associations across Britain in a race to discover what led him to run down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, crash his vehicle outside parliament and attack two police officers. LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. Three people were injured when the silver Ford Fiesta driven by the man - thought to be Khater - when he rammed into a group of cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier outside the Houses of Parliament. 10:58pm: The London Ambulance Service said on Wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge, near Britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident. After the incident this afternoon, journalists shared footage of injured people in the street, and pictures of a car which crashed into the railings outside Big Ben. Picture: AFP People take selfie photographs of themselves on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 23, 2017 after the bridge reopened to traffic following its closure during the March 22 terror attack. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament.

Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. A man was shot outside the Houses of Parliament after a car mowed down pedestrians on Westminster Bridge and a police officer was stabbed in the terrorist attack this afternoon. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. The knife-wielding attacker ploughed a car into pedestrians on London's Westminster Bridge before fatally stabbing a police officer inside the gates of parliament, before he himself was shot dead.

