: Terror attacks are part of living in big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan, when all hed said  last year  was to repeat security services constant warnings. We still believe that Masood acted alone on the day and there is no information or intelligence to suggest there are further attacks planned, Neil Basu, Deputy Assistant Commissioner and Senior National Coordinator for UK Counter Terrorism Policing, said in a statement issued late Saturday. The Metropolitan Police said today: Given that it appears to have been a deliberate act, the method used and the iconic location, it is being treated as a terrorist incident and the investigation is being led by officers from the Mets Counter Terrorism Command. Westminster vigil: we will never be cowed by terrorism, says mayor Read more Earlier, prime minister Theresa May told MPs Masood had been previously known to MI5: Some years ago, he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. The Prime Minister said "military-grade" substance produced by Russia was used in the poisoning, leaving two possible explanations - Moscow was responsible or it has lost control of its stockpile of the chemical weapon. Giving details of the attacker's background in Parliament yesterday, Prime Minister Theresa May said: 'The man was British-born and - some years ago - he was once investigated in relation to concerns about violent extremism. / AFP PHOTO / Justin TALLIS British MPs were preparing to return to parliament on Thursday after a lightning attack attributed by police to Islamist-related terrorism, which saw four people killed and 40 wounded. Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu, who is the Senior National Coordinator for UK Counter Terrorism Policing, said: 'If you knew Khalid Masood and had spoken to him in the months, weeks or days leading up to this attack please come forward. Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. A former chief prosecutor says far-right radicalism in the UK has been overlooked Article share tools Sturgeon: Muslim communities 'anxious' Speaking after she chaired a meeting in Scotland, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said police will "remain vigilant" in light of the attack. The interview came after Reuters reported that the Daesh (ISIL/ISIS/Islamic State) terrorist group had claimed responsibility for the deadly Westminster attack in the British capital earlier this week. Police officers and foreign nationals among London attack victims Read more In response, a spokesman for Sadiq Khan said the mayor had more important things to do than respond to Donald Trumps ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context his remarks. Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn responds after Prime Minister Theresa May spoke to MPs in the House of Commons in the aftermath of yesterdays terror attack on the Palace of Westminster. One of the accounts run from the Kremlin-linked operation attempted to stir anti-Islamic sentiment during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in March in a bogus post claiming a Muslim woman ignored victims  a claim that was highlighted by mainstream media outlets including Mail Online and the Sun. For days after, the tweeter was gleefully sharing press clippings. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. Given that the terrorist who perpetrated the Westminster attack actually ran through the open gates which lead into Old Palace Yard, killing a police officer in doing so, may result in new security precautions being implemented there. Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries. Mark Rowley, national lead for Counter Terrorism Policing and Met Acting Deputy Commissioner gives a press conference this morning Mr Rowley said 29 people are being treated in hospital, with five in a critical condition and two with life threatening injuries. Mr Peasnell, who says he regularly has meetings in Westminster, said police were "quick on the scene" and that he was not worried like he was during the terror attack in the area just weeks ago. Prosecutor Brian Altman QC said the 28-year-old defendant aimed to launch a deadly terror attack to strike at the very heart of this countrys democracy, by killing a police officer, a member of the military or even a parliamentarian. Armed police patrol the Southbank in London the day after the Westminster attack.Jonathan Brady/PA Wire Such an approach, where one area of a city receives extra security protection, has been a long-held aspiration of counter-terrorism professionals. The White House said US President Donald Trump spoke with Mrs May to offer his condolences on todays terror attack in London and his praise for the effective response of security forces and first responders. Photograph: Metropolitan Police/PA Khalid Masood, the Westminster attacker, had a clear interest in jihad and his methods echoed the rhetoric of Islamic State leaders, Scotland Yard has said. Mrs May said the Westminster attacker was a British citizen who was known to the police and security services, and had been investigated some years ago over violent extremism. Security forces move to identify dead suspect in Westminster attack Violence was at one of Britains most important and heavily guarded institutions British Prime Minister Theresa May vows to move forward following a deadly attack in London, saying the country will never give in to terror. At 14:40, an attacker drove a car across Westminster Bridge killing four innocent people, including one police officer named as 48-year old Keith Palmer who had been in the force for 15 years, and injuring at least forty in this heinous attempt on human life.

Three people were injured when the silver Ford Fiesta driven by the man - thought to be Khater - when he rammed into a group of cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier outside the Houses of Parliament. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. Westminster attack suspect is identified as a British citizen Salih Khater (29) remains in custody on suspicion of preparing an act of terror A man was arrested after appearing to drive into cyclists before crashing outside UK parliament. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament. The man  named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin  was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour.

Photograph: Facundo Arrizabalaga/EPA British police have named Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old from the Birmingham area, as the man who carried out Wednesdays attack at Westminster in which four other people died. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. The Metropolitan Police said two men, aged 27 and 58, both from Birmingham where attacker Khalid Masood was living, are still in custody for questioning under the Terrorism Act. Of the 11 people held after the attack, a 32-year-old woman arrested in Manchester, and a 39-year-old woman arrested in east London, were released on bail until late March while seven had been set free with no further action. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism.

10:58pm: The London Ambulance Service said on Wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge, near Britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident. Picture: 7 News The attacker used an SUV to run down pedestrians along the Westminster strip, before crashing into the parliament fence opposite Westminster Tube Station, near Big Ben. Armed with a knife, the terrorist jumped out and ran around the corner to the entrance gates where he fatally stabbed Police Constable Keith Palmer. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. Armed police at the scene outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident.

Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood. Clinton Payne, Melissas brother, said in a statement: Our family is heartbroken to learn of the death of our son-in-law, Kurt W Cochran, who was a victim of Wednesdays terrorist attack in London. Around 2,000 people are believed to have attended the invitation-only event, which took place exactly two weeks after Khalid Masood ploughed a car along Westminster Bridge and then stabbed to death PC Keith Palmer, 48, outside the Houses of Parliament. It was the first time she has been seen outside her hospital room since the horrific terror attack in central London, which saw Masood mow down innocent people walking along Westminster Bridge on March 22. Four People Died in the Attack, Including an American Tourist & an English Police Officer Kurt and Melissa Cochran, tourists from Utah, were both injured on Westminster bridge during the London terror attack. Police line London streets in memory of PC Keith Palmer Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt was killed in the Westminster attack, said she was thinking of other victims of the terrible day. What we know about the killed and injured victims of the Westminster terror attack Friday, March 24, 2017 - 06:42 PM Khalid Masood killed three people and injured scores more after ploughing a car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge before stabbing Pc Keith Palmer to death. Family members of the American tourist killed during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in London joined victims and hundreds of well-wishers to mark seven days since the horrific incident.

