London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. London attack: police investigate terrorist Khalid Masood as death toll rises  live Summary Here is what we now know about Wednesdays terrorist attack in Westminster: The victims The number of victims has risen to four, after a 75-year-old man died in hospital on Thursday. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. Westminster attacker named by police as Khalid Masood Read more The arrested Eight people were arrested as a number of addresses were raided in London, Birmingham and elsewhere: A 39-year-old woman at an address in east London on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts. RELATED ARTICLES Share this article Khater lived 10 minutes down the road in Birmingham from Khalid Masood, who killed five people and injured 50 in a terrorist attack on Westminster last year. RELATED ARTICLES Share this article Khater lived 10 minutes down the road in Birmingham from Khalid Masood, who killed five people and injured 50 in a terrorist attack on Westminster last year. RELATED ARTICLES Share this article Khater lived 10 minutes down the road in Birmingham from Khalid Masood, who killed five people and injured 50 in a terrorist attack on Westminster last year. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. While police believe Khalid Masood, a 52-year-old British man with a history of violent crimes, carried out the attack on Westminster Bridge and outside parliament alone, they are investigating what help he may have received and whether he had any accomplices. Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood. A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." A statement from police said: 'Detectives investigating the terrorist attack in Westminster on Wednesday, 22 March can confirm that a 75-year-old man died tonight, Thursday, 23 March." He spoke after detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. He spoke after detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. He spoke after detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. French President Francois Hollande announced the move in a statement Wednesday night after speaking with British Prime Minister Theresa May. Minute by Minute Coverage The Latest on reports of an incident outside Britain's parliament: 8:15 p.m. South Korea's foreign ministry said five South Koreans in their 50s and 60s were among the 40 people injured in London during the terror attack outside Parliament. 10:58pm: The London Ambulance Service said on Wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge, near Britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident. 10:58pm: The London Ambulance Service said on Wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on Westminster Bridge, near Britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident. (Stefan Rousseau/PA/Associated Press) Updated Khalid Masood, 52, has been identified as the man behind the attacks Wednesday in London that left three people dead and many others injured outside Britain's Parliament. (Stefan Rousseau/PA/Associated Press) Updated Khalid Masood, 52, has been identified as the man behind the attacks Wednesday in London that left three people dead and many others injured outside Britain's Parliament. DEATH TOLL STANDS AT FOUR Meantime, four people were killed in the terror attack outside Britains parliament: a woman picking up her children from school, a man from Utah, a 75-year-old man, and an unarmed police officer. DEATH TOLL STANDS AT FOUR Meantime, four people were killed in the terror attack outside Britains parliament: a woman picking up her children from school, a man from Utah, a 75-year-old man, and an unarmed police officer. DEATH TOLL STANDS AT FOUR Meantime, four people were killed in the terror attack outside Britains parliament: a woman picking up her children from school, a man from Utah, a 75-year-old man, and an unarmed police officer. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. The attacker who brought terror to the streets of the capital has been named as Khalid Masood and detectives investigating Wednesday's attacks on Westminster Bridge and at the Houses of Parliament said they had arrested three women and five men on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts. London terror attack: Khalid Masood named as responsible, police make eight further arrests Read more May confirmed, as she said in her statement on Wednesday evening, that the terrorist threat level would not be increased as a result of the incident. London terror attack: Khalid Masood named as responsible, police make eight further arrests Read more May confirmed, as she said in her statement on Wednesday evening, that the terrorist threat level would not be increased as a result of the incident. London terror attack: Khalid Masood named as responsible, police make eight further arrests Read more May confirmed, as she said in her statement on Wednesday evening, that the terrorist threat level would not be increased as a result of the incident. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. ReutersThe attacker who killed three people near parliament in London before being shot dead was named on Thursday as British-born Khalid Masood, who was once investigated by MI5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism. Video The police say a 52-year-old British man, Khalid Masood, was the attacker who left four people dead and dozens injured near British Parliament on Wednesday. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country. The suspect of a deadly attack outside the UK parliament in London was British-born, Prime Minister Theresa May said, as police arrested eight people after several overnight raids across the country. A man has been arrested in Birmingham by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, in which four people were killed.

Emergency services at the scene while two knives lay on the floor outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after a policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. Emergency services at the scene while two knives lay on the floor outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after a policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. Emergency services at the scene while two knives lay on the floor outside the Palace of Westminster, London, after a policeman was stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament. ___ 12 p.m. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. ___ 12 p.m. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. ___ 12 p.m. The ministry said minister Marco Minniti convened the Committee of Strategic Anti-terrorism Analyses following "the tragic facts in London," in which a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on a bridge and the attacker then stabbed a police officer outside the British Parliament. The attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing the policeman before being shot dead by other officers. The attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing the policeman before being shot dead by other officers. The attacker, armed with two large knives, mowed down pedestrians with his car on Westminster Bridge, including schoolchildren, then rushed at the gates in front of the Houses of Parliament, stabbing the policeman before being shot dead by other officers. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. Attacker Khalid Masood plowed through crowds of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge last Wednesday, fatally injuring three people and wounding dozens before stabbing veteran police officer Keith Palmer to death in the grounds of Parliament. After the incident this afternoon, journalists shared footage of injured people in the street, and pictures of a car which crashed into the railings outside Big Ben. Police shot dead a man who attacked officers in front of the parliament building in London, after a grey 4x4 mowed down more than a dozen people on Westminster Bridge. Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". Five killed and 40 injured in Westminster terror attack An assailant stabbed a policeman and was shot by police just outside Britain's parliament building in London on Wednesday (March 22) in what police described as a "terrorist incident". The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. The four terror attacks which shook London to the core last year: March 22: Five people died in Westminster after Khalid Masood drove his car into pedestrians on Westminster Bridge at around 70mph before stabbing unarmed police officer Keith Palmer. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. "Inspired by international terrorism" The attack began Wednesday as a man in a car drove into a number of pedestrians on Westminster Bridge, before crashing into railings and then running through the Houses of Parliament gates and stabbing a police officer. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. At least four people were killed and at least 20 injured in London on Wednesday after a car plowed into pedestrians and an attacker stabbed a policeman close to the British parliament, in what police called a terrorist incident. Five people died, including Pc Keith Palmer, and dozens more were injured when 52-year-old Khalid Masood launched a car and knife attack on Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster before he was shot dead. Five people died, including Pc Keith Palmer, and dozens more were injured when 52-year-old Khalid Masood launched a car and knife attack on Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster before he was shot dead. Five people died, including Pc Keith Palmer, and dozens more were injured when 52-year-old Khalid Masood launched a car and knife attack on Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster before he was shot dead. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident. British police shot a suspected attacker outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Wednesday after an officer was stabbed in what police said was a 'terrorist' incident.

: Terror attacks are part of living in big city, says London Mayor Sadiq Khan, when all hed said  last year  was to repeat security services constant warnings. Although there are higher numbers of armed police guarding Parliament, the attacker who rushed its gates in March was shot dead by a relatively rare member of the country's security forces  one who had been trained to use a firearm. Although there are higher numbers of armed police guarding Parliament, the attacker who rushed its gates in March was shot dead by a relatively rare member of the country's security forces  one who had been trained to use a firearm. Jeremy Corbyns suggestion that Britains involvement in military action abroad is linked to terror attacks like the Manchester suicide bomb has been condemned as twisted reasoning by the Governments Security Minister. Jeremy Corbyns suggestion that Britains involvement in military action abroad is linked to terror attacks like the Manchester suicide bomb has been condemned as twisted reasoning by the Governments Security Minister. Image:The London Eye is stopped as emergency services deal with the aftermath of the attack 5.50pm Ongoing operation Met Police acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley confirms four people have died - including PC Palmer and Masood. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. The attacker, Khalid Masood, is thought to have been shot by a member of the close protection team of Michael Fallon, the defence secretary, whose car happened to have been parked in New Palace Yard because a vote was taking place at the time. Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. The Prime Minister said "military-grade" substance produced by Russia was used in the poisoning, leaving two possible explanations - Moscow was responsible or it has lost control of its stockpile of the chemical weapon. Live Updates Russia is "highly likely" to have been behind the nerve agent attack on former spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter, Theresa May told has MPs. The Prime Minister said "military-grade" substance produced by Russia was used in the poisoning, leaving two possible explanations - Moscow was responsible or it has lost control of its stockpile of the chemical weapon. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy also condemned the deadly attack in London's Westminster on Wednesday and offered condolences to the British people in a telegram sent to his British counterpart Theresa May. Jalal Uddin, 71, was allegedly beaten to death by Mohammed Hussain Syeedy, 22, and Mohammed Abdul Kadir, 24, who compared him to the evil wizard in Harry Potter and called his faith healing 'black magic', a jury was told. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy also condemned the deadly attack in London's Westminster on Wednesday and offered condolences to the British people in a telegram sent to his British counterpart Theresa May. Jalal Uddin, 71, was allegedly beaten to death by Mohammed Hussain Syeedy, 22, and Mohammed Abdul Kadir, 24, who compared him to the evil wizard in Harry Potter and called his faith healing 'black magic', a jury was told. The 52-year-old mowed down people in the heart of London then stabbed a police officer to death as he tried to burst into the Palace of Westminster. A spokesman for the Metropolitan police said: A new arrest has been made as part of the investigation being carried out by the Mets counter-terrorism command into the Westminster attack. Around 2,000 people are believed to have attended the invitation-only event, which took place exactly two weeks after Khalid Masood ploughed a car along Westminster Bridge and then stabbed to death PC Keith Palmer, 48, outside the Houses of Parliament. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. Londoners were well aware that the next terror attack in the UK was a matter of when, not if, as the acting deputy commissioner of the Metropolitan Police said soon after the incident at Westminster Palace on March 22. Their statement said: "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition". Westminster Bridge in London (Image: PA) While the group were being pushed to the back of the room police officers were shouting to get the front doors closed as people were trying to get in from the street. Daily Mail journalist Quentin Letts said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons. CBS This Morning LONDON -- London's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday that a man was under arrest on suspicion of terrorism after driving through a group of pedestrians and then ramming a gate outside the Houses of Parliament in the British capital. Police have said 40 people were injured in the attack, many of them as the assailant drove his car deliberately into pedestrians on Westminster bridge. Police have said 40 people were injured in the attack, many of them as the assailant drove his car deliberately into pedestrians on Westminster bridge. Police officers and foreign nationals among London attack victims Read more In response, a spokesman for Sadiq Khan said the mayor had more important things to do than respond to Donald Trumps ill-informed tweet that deliberately takes out of context his remarks. Closed Terror attack on UK parliament day 2  as it happened An investigation is under way after four people died and around 40 were injured in an attack in Westminster in central London on Wednesday afternoon. Photograph: John Stillwell/PA Wire British parliamentarians have said the soft outer ring of security at the Palace of Westminster must be enhanced after a video showed the complexs gates were left open and apparently unmanned after Wednesdays terror attack, which left five people dead. Picture: AFP People take selfie photographs of themselves on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 23, 2017 after the bridge reopened to traffic following its closure during the March 22 terror attack. Picture: AFP People take selfie photographs of themselves on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 23, 2017 after the bridge reopened to traffic following its closure during the March 22 terror attack. One of the accounts run from the Kremlin-linked operation attempted to stir anti-Islamic sentiment during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in March in a bogus post claiming a Muslim woman ignored victims  a claim that was highlighted by mainstream media outlets including Mail Online and the Sun. Photograph: REX/Shutterstock Concern about Russian influence in British politics has intensified as it emerged that more than 400 fake Twitter accounts believed to be run from St Petersburg published posts about Brexit. One of the accounts run from the Kremlin-linked operation attempted to stir anti-Islamic sentiment during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in March in a bogus post claiming a Muslim woman ignored victims  a claim that was highlighted by mainstream media outlets including Mail Online and the Sun. For days after, the tweeter was gleefully sharing press clippings. One of the accounts run from the Kremlin-linked operation attempted to stir anti-Islamic sentiment during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in March in a bogus post claiming a Muslim woman ignored victims  a claim that was highlighted by mainstream media outlets including Mail Online and the Sun. For days after, the tweeter was gleefully sharing press clippings. Police line London streets in memory of PC Keith Palmer Melissa Cochran, whose husband Kurt was killed in the Westminster attack, said she was thinking of other victims of the terrible day. Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images The suspected terrorist arrested in Westminster carrying knives is a one-time humanitarian activist who is now facing questions from police about whether he was about to stage a murderous attack in central London. Four people were killed and 40 injured after being run over and stabbed in an attack at the gates of British democracy attributed by police to Islamist-related terrorism. Doctors, police officers and faith leaders were among thousands of people who linked hands on Westminster Bridge in a show of defiance, a week after the terror attack in the capital. Another apparent terrorist attack in Westminster, car deliberately crashes into cyclists, several injured So far, we know that the terror suspect is black (photo right & below), is from Midlands, and was known to police but not MI5. Another apparent terrorist attack in Westminster, car deliberately crashes into cyclists, several injured So far, we know that the terror suspect is black (photo right & below), is from Midlands, and was known to police but not MI5. Another apparent terrorist attack in Westminster, car deliberately crashes into cyclists, several injured So far, we know that the terror suspect is black (photo right & below), is from Midlands, and was known to police but not MI5. Prosecutor Brian Altman QC said the 28-year-old defendant aimed to launch a deadly terror attack to strike at the very heart of this countrys democracy, by killing a police officer, a member of the military or even a parliamentarian. Armed police patrol the Southbank in London the day after the Westminster attack.Jonathan Brady/PA Wire Such an approach, where one area of a city receives extra security protection, has been a long-held aspiration of counter-terrorism professionals. Armed police patrol the Southbank in London the day after the Westminster attack.Jonathan Brady/PA Wire Such an approach, where one area of a city receives extra security protection, has been a long-held aspiration of counter-terrorism professionals. The town hall has today lowered the flag as a sign of respect and sympathy after a terror attack rocked Westminster - with a crazed knifeman running over pedestrians in a car and stabbing a police officer before being shot dead. The town hall has today lowered the flag as a sign of respect and sympathy after a terror attack rocked Westminster - with a crazed knifeman running over pedestrians in a car and stabbing a police officer before being shot dead. Quentin Letts, the Daily Mails parliamentary sketchwriter, said he saw a man in black attack a police officer outside Parliament before being shot two or three times as he tried to storm into the House of Commons, the Press Association reports. AP LONDON: Four people, including an armed police officer and a man believed to be the attacker, have died in a terrorist incident near the UKs Houses of Parliament, Scotland Yard has said. Violence struck in Britain Wednesday in the form of a terror attack outside the British Parliament, leaving five people dead, including a police man, and many others injured. An attacker spread chaos in the heart of London for several hours on Wednesday as he went about first plowing a car into pedestrians on the Westminster Bridge and later stabbing a police officer to death inside the gates of the British Parliament. By Tyler Durden / ZeroHedge.com An assailant was shot outside the British parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said on Wednesday after loud bangs were heard and a Reuters photographer saw at least a dozen injured people on a nearby bridge. An assailant was shot outside parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said after loud bangs were heard with at least a dozen injured people on the nearby bridge. An assailant was shot outside parliament by armed police, the leader of the House of Commons said after loud bangs were heard with at least a dozen injured people on the nearby bridge. (DANIEL LEAL-OLIVAS/AFP/Getty Images) 07/17 A police officer stops traffic as the Jaguar car of British Prime Minister Theresa May (R) is driven away from the Houses of Parliament in central London on March 22, 2017 during an emergency incident. Tools Typography British police named the man who killed three people near parliament before being shot dead as Khalid Masood, saying he had a string of criminal convictions but none for terrorism-related offences. Family members of the American tourist killed during the Westminster Bridge terror attack in London joined victims and hundreds of well-wishers to mark seven days since the horrific incident. Uncovering the mainstream media lies The attack outside and inside Londons Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured. Uncovering the mainstream media lies The attack outside and inside Londons Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured. Uncovering the mainstream media lies The attack outside and inside Londons Westminster Parliament just before 4 pm local time on Wednesday 22nd March resulted in five deaths, including the assailant and forty injured. A police van outside the address, which is the latest to be raided by officers investigating Wednesday's terror attack A woman visiting her grandmother on the street said: 'I'm pretty sure I've seen Khalid Masood come and go when I've dropped by. Four people were killed, including the assailant, and 40 others were injured in the London terror attack. Security forces move to identify dead suspect in Westminster attack Violence was at one of Britains most important and heavily guarded institutions British Prime Minister Theresa May vows to move forward following a deadly attack in London, saying the country will never give in to terror. Security forces move to identify dead suspect in Westminster attack Violence was at one of Britains most important and heavily guarded institutions British Prime Minister Theresa May vows to move forward following a deadly attack in London, saying the country will never give in to terror. Police close to the Palace of Westminster, London, after policeman has been stabbed and his apparent attacker shot by officers in a major security incident at the Houses of Parliament.

LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. LONDON  A man crashed a car into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament in London, injuring two pedestrians Tuesday in an incident British police are investigating as a terror attack. Three people were injured when the silver Ford Fiesta driven by the man - thought to be Khater - when he rammed into a group of cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier outside the Houses of Parliament. Three people were injured when the silver Ford Fiesta driven by the man - thought to be Khater - when he rammed into a group of cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier outside the Houses of Parliament. Three people were injured when the silver Ford Fiesta driven by the man - thought to be Khater - when he rammed into a group of cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier outside the Houses of Parliament. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. British police are trying to determine why a 29-year-old man crashed a car into security barriers outside the United Kingdom's Houses of Parliament Tuesday morning in an attack that's being investigated as a terrorist incident. The man  named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin  was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour. The man  named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin  was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour. The man  named last night as Salih Khater and said to be a British citizen of Sudanese origin  was arrested by armed police after the car hit cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into a security barrier at around 50mph during the morning rush-hour. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. What We Know About the Suspected Terrorist Attack Outside the U.K. Parliament A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses after a car was driven into barriers near the UKs Houses of Parliament in Westminster, London on Tuesday morning, injuring three people. Westminster attack suspect is identified as a British citizen Salih Khater (29) remains in custody on suspicion of preparing an act of terror A man was arrested after appearing to drive into cyclists before crashing outside UK parliament. Westminster attack suspect is identified as a British citizen Salih Khater (29) remains in custody on suspicion of preparing an act of terror A man was arrested after appearing to drive into cyclists before crashing outside UK parliament. Westminster attack suspect is identified as a British citizen Salih Khater (29) remains in custody on suspicion of preparing an act of terror A man was arrested after appearing to drive into cyclists before crashing outside UK parliament. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament. Police treating Westminster car crash as terror attack Scotland Yard said in a new statement: "At 07:37hrs on Tuesday 14 August, a silver Ford Fiesta collided with a number of cyclists and pedestrians, before crashing into barriers outside the Houses of Parliament. 11:14KEY EVENT What we know so far A driver has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences after a car collided with cyclists and pedestrians before crashing into security barriers outside the Houses of Parliament.

By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. By the time of Wednesdays attack on Westminster Bridge, he had seamlessly gravitated to Birmingham, a city increasingly enveloped by sharia enclaves that, to varying degrees, have become no-go zones for non-Muslims and agents of the state, including police. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. A group of Muslim men attacked a 23-year-old American student, who had only been in the country for three days, after they saw him drinking on an East London street. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. No evidence Westminster attacker associated with IS group Police have found no evidence that the man who killed four people in London last week was associated with the Islamic State group or al-Qaida, a senior British counterterrorism officer said Monday. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. "The perpetrator of the attacks yesterday in front of the British parliament in London is an Islamic State soldier and he carried out the operation in response to calls to target citizens of the coalition," the group's Amaq news agency said in a statement. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Jade Campbell, a 26-year-old convert to Islam from West London, was sentenced to 18 months in prison for possessing materials likely to be useful to a person planning or committing an act of terror and making a false statement to obtain a passport. Prime Minister Theresa May, after the London Bridge attack, said there was "far too much tolerance of extremism" in Britain and promised to step up the fight against Islamic terrorism. Prime Minister Theresa May, after the London Bridge attack, said there was "far too much tolerance of extremism" in Britain and promised to step up the fight against Islamic terrorism. Prime Minister Theresa May, after the London Bridge attack, said there was "far too much tolerance of extremism" in Britain and promised to step up the fight against Islamic terrorism. Robinson then goes on to cite a report that claims over 50,000 British Muslims downloaded Al Qaedas terrorist publication called Inspire, which includes radicalizing messages and even detailed guides on how to carry out terror attacks on the West.

